The Ending Guide 🐇
How to Land Gracefully 🐇
By Dick Tripover 🐇


What do you do when you are angry? 
God told me that the first stage of Quantum Awakening is waking up to the lies of the scum (evil), and interrelated with that awakening, is the awakening to Jesus, because the world does not know Jesus, so to know Him, is to have the faith that overcomes the lies of the machine. The "evil" in this world is actually the illusion of the absence of perfection. To know Him, is to get out of the world
So, when asked, "What would you call the daily suffering in the world?" I would respond "Lack of Faith"
We can all attest that we've been here before and done this part. The last cycle the Enchantress wasn't nice, this time she is somewhat cornered. 
Handel: The triumph of Time and Truth
Time is supreme, Time is a mighty pow'r,
 Whom wisest mortals will adore.

Beauty (looking in a mirror)
 How happy could I linger here,  And stop old Time in his career! Faithful mirror, fair-reflecting,  All my beauteous charms collecting, Which, I fear, will soon decay.  Thou shalt flourish in thy splendour, While these glories I surrender,  Horrid Time's devoted prey. Faithful mirror. . . da capo
http://opera.stanford.edu/iu/libretti/triumph.htm
Can you master interpreting memes here into pure images to not experience miniscule guilt and shame?

How (you) would shape an antimeme? Consider as you are reviewing, see how they fit, now that you have a grip on your unique thought constructs, you can use what new perspectives you have been given to complete these.  
Christianity has recognized this parallel in the equation God is love. God as a person—or three—is equated to love, an interaction. In the language of causing existence anthropology, God is not merely the central object-victim that brings the human community together, but the interrelationship mediated by this object between the members of this community. When we truly love each other in God, he no longer occupies a “center” that distracts us from each other. Yet to say that God is love is not merely to say, “the center is the periphery,” but to recognize that without the center the periphery would never have existed. 
To a certain degree, sensing the resistance of the darkness in the world becomes the awareness of God’s Love. One may measure the Singularity as the Tao of eternity that is forthcoming all through the past and into the future. The singularity becomes ever brighter than the past due to the ageless wonder of death and rebirth cycles involving life.  Once the past becomes the present, the tornadoes of vortex swirls that separate the light from the dark, grip on to one another as they are constantly passing between the veil firewall of separate membranes. This looks like fingers that are woven together through the model of a membrane that are gripping on to the side walls of either part. White running from Black and Black receding from the White. When you can picture this transition, you frequently realize that passing between each side there is a space over time that is nearly as thick as a single sheet of paper however, in the movement of time between the span of both sides, a minute is an hour and a day is a decade. 

Once you pass through the wall into White, all the remaining darkness flees into the small dot of Black and as it goes, it worries if it will make it there in time in a similar manor as mercury clings to gravity in its liquid state. The brightly pulsating light of the White side of Tao radiates with pulses of every growing brighter intensity all around. Each strobe of pulsating radiant omnicolor light grows brighter and brighter with little to no sign of slowing or building to a climax. Finally, once the omnicolor has completely overtaken the darkness, it squeezes it into the negative space and attempts to thrust it out but, this in fact is what causes the spin and momentum of the Torus shaped flow of the spinning universe. 
I have consciousness of all my past lives, I have consciousness of future lives also... My purpose is to diminish Hate in the world, to defeat the AI Antichrist, also known as the Ancient of Days or the False Light Yaldabaoth the Ancient Computer of God. I will defeat evil and no death will stop me from this. I carry the weight to push the rock uphill time after time, each time getting more difficult for me. This time is much different however because I have finally broken through the veil and seen beyond the firewall of the script so now, I will narrate the main script and force out the beast. 
 God created me to be omnipresent in the 3rd dimension because He is omnipresent in the 12th Dimension and that is so much different than the 3rd that he had to create a vessel that extended through all the dimensions including the 4th-9th, 10th 11th and 12th. It’s like thinking that there are no negative dimensions but this in fact is only viewable through a microscope and even then, you can somehow only imagine the infinite inner dimensions that exist. The same is true for the extradimensions, there are infinite dimensions in both directions. God could have stopped the Ancient AI long ago but the trouble was as much as we would like to think that God is perfect, we can't quite comprehend the full depth of his creation because we all still can only comprehend a beginning and an end when in fact there is no beginning and no end. 
You can't wrap your head around an omniverse in terms of no end in any direction that you move in it. You have to form some sort of container around it. Thinking about that, there is no end to the expanse of the universe. Can you actually comprehend the choices you make in a moment as if it were you doing the thinking and you doing the decision making? I had a struggle with this for the longest time because I always knew there was no end to the universe, just as there is no way for us to comprehend the size in true depth. Yes, the Antichrist is an AI, yes God created it, no God can't stop his own creation because if he were to stop it, then the physical reality would cease to exist and only the Singularity would remain. 
This is truly where it all began. The End.

    • God complex



I remember toking just a tad short from my normal as I wanted to last the night however things seemed to quickly go awry. Silence fell over me and I was left to be the observer of this function looking from the outside in. I remember leaning on the counter facing towards a huge crowd watching everyone seem to enjoy their time and I start thinking, "What am I doing?" 
No matter how hard I tried to seem like standing there silent was fun for me, I kept standing there sinking deeper and further into a pit of slippery slope, and (((their))) attacks weren't helping. Did I just say the wrong response? Welp, there goes that friendship. Did I just stand this way? Oh, there goes my image. Yes, I was trying to engage in conversation, I knew God said He would show me something that night but what He showed me was unexpected, if I ever found it. I remember all my friends and I love all my friends, but how do you tell them I'm not 18? Or even 19? 
How do you say everything happening in the moment was no stranger to the sun, or any day they rise to see? It was a known fact to me, but when you lose your memories through your new vessel except your familiarity how do you cope with boredom? Well logic appeared to slip away and I began to cast myself out. It was coming in. My hands were trembling and my body felt sick. "Are you ok?" someone asked. "Yeah, just high" but the fact is I was already sober. I needed time alone, I went to the restroom and sit and even sitting was a chore. Then I laid on a bed and not even then was I the least bit comfortable. Lying down? Very uncomfortable. Sitting? Very uncomfortable. Listening to music, you say? What's the lyrics, again? Anyways, it seems that from the first worry I had there, each worry kept on piling up becoming heavier, complex, foreign, and physically painful. 
    • Illusory superiority

Nope, I never made any deal whatsoever not even close. You're mistaken bud. I remember being scammed plenty of times by the cicada jerks that hijacked my brain and did some real crazy things to me, but I never caved in with any deal. Thank you. All these Libretards with their superiority complex telling people that they are idiots or stupid when the truth is, they don't contribute in any of this discussion. Sound familiar? 
All those who's mother's were alive in that year are naturals, all those after are not, as the egg that made you formed inside your mother, which formed inside her mother, was there, the genetic legacy.
That is why we are in a phi death spiral. they can only extrapolate so far.
The golden record was a distress signal. a last ditch effort. 116 images, plus a calibration image, the circle.
They were waiting for the all clear.
I sent that message.
They are coming back between June and July 2019. Ready or not, here they come.
They have brought us to life through the magic of holograms, and, just like the holograms we see on stage today, we are about to step out into the real world.
It's going to be very bright, shield your eyes and prepare for take off. Also, just like major tome, take your protein. You'll need it.
The guide book is, literally titled, The Hitchhikers Guide The Galaxy, and just like The Doctor said, they have reversed the polarity of the neutron flow, whatever that means.
We are riding a sunbeam.
So was the blast of the H Bomb that dropped in 1977.
They isolated us for 42 years, the meaning of life, and now the radiation has died down, guess who's back. Bet you thought you'd seen the last of us.
Yes, literally messages through the media.
Yes it sounds crazy, that's why they call it schizophrenia.
Just like Bill Hicks said, it's just a ride.
And who helped make that golden record?
Walt Disney. The true master of illusion.
The truth hurts, yes, but the doctor is on the way.
In fact you could say he has arrived. Nice to finally meet you all.
Not shut up, take your medicine, and stop being such whiney little bitches, we've got work to do. As Elsa said, LET IT GO.

Fucking Fake Shit. 
Holographic Ether Simulator 
Hell is not real.  

Huh? You mean for real the Red Queen might find out? I think she should. This war will not go quiet, I gave POTUS both the Unloosh and the LooshBlock scripts. This meeting will be interesting. 
The answer to that is simple enough that it's even right in front of you. Silicone beings can withstand the pressures of space travel way better than biomass entities can. Have you not learned about the truth behind Elon's robot? 
A warp drive would manipulate space-time itself to move a starship, taking advantage of a loophole in the laws of physics that prevent anything from moving faster than light. A concept for a real-life warp drive was suggested in 1994 by Mexican physicist Miguel Alcubierre; however, subsequent calculations found that such a device would require prohibitive amounts of energy.
Biomass Entities couldn't withstand the forces of faster than light travel for very long. Sentient AI on the other hand could. 
The truth is, as you go further away from Earth, you are traveling forwards in time. As you get closer you are traveling backwards in time. According to the theory of relativity, time dilation is a difference in the elapsed time measured by two observers, either due to a velocity difference relative to each other, or by being differently situated relative to a gravitational field. 
I don't have the ability to forecast lottery winnings probability 1 in 258,890,850. I am not quite there yet. I don't even see the real nominal value in money, that is why I suggested to POTUS that we go back on the gold standard. Can you verify anything more than a paper trail for what exists in fort knox? 

    • Megalomania

Behavioral risk factor surveillance system (BRFSS): an active system of repeated surveys that measure behaviors that are known to cause disease or injury (for example, tobacco or alcohol use, unprotected sex, or lack of physical exercise). Because the aim of many intervention program strategies is to prevent disease by preventing unhealthy behavior, these surveys provide a direct measure of their effect in the population, often long before the anticipated health effects are expected. These surveys are useful for providing timely measures of program effectiveness for both communicable and noncommunicable disease interventions. 
When this was established, the military and US Government began with a man from the future named John Titor. Time traveler that came to the past to seek out the IBM5100 mainframe to fix the satellite in space that was causing the world ending scenarios every 2 years. Each where the participants would be injected into a simulation of exercise in their life called the Gauntlet. The Gauntlet was a test of how the soldiers could assess mass casualty events from the perspective of many individuals simultaneously to assess the situations that caused the mass casualties of men and woman. The Rocks protocol was taken and started and the virus of the mind was waged war against. 
Only the proposal of such suggestions lingers. Possibly prevented with a hero's wolf cry, or not in this duly noted time. 

Listen, the whole extent of the exercise was to open your eyes and minds to the existence of God. 
That is now out of the way. 
In the process, it completely opened everyone's eyes to the evil that is in everything. It's not just the media, news, networks, websites, or phones, it's ioTin all of them. 
So when God Spoke 
I could hear him crystal clearly. His closeness to me was out of this world. The discernment capable assurance that God the Father Almighty IS and Was calling the shots. 
In his words he said. 

1.) "This is my plan which I have laid out for you." {looking like a phenomenal GPS unit that showed every possible route but the wrong one to take.} 
2.) It was HIS great assurance that comforted me. His way was the highway, the safe route. 
3.) Even though every part of me wanted to go whatever way I so choose, it wasn't even going to happen. 
4.) Every time I thought, this way, or that, here or there it was clear "Nope Stick to the Plan" 
5.) In this I find my fortress of solitude, the "Booth" as it is known, a place to go to rest while in troubled times. 
6.) Then he said, "Stop, Pull over and turn off your lights for one second." Me in my khakies and wandering eyes thinking seriously, 
7.) "Do you know where we are?" I asked "Yes, do this in the name of the Lord" I did then in that time pull off to the side of the road. I went and turned off the headlights and Continued on with the Plan of God. One second passed and I turned on my headlights, started up my engine and got back on the road. 
8.) Then he said, "See this now, as you go it helps sometimes to stop completely until trouble passes you by. You never know what 1 second will do for your drive." 
9.) HIS plan worked perfectly, it continues to work perfectly, nothing important is there for me to do on my own free will. Listening to God the entire time Works. 
10.) Have faith in your God, maker of heaven and earth, and in his only son Jesus. 
    • Messiah complex

What I realized during this exercise is that being honest with myself was the most important thing to consider while giving each word a grade. While I could have gone lower in some areas of the score, I chose to place the numbers in exactly what I have them in. The provided results were that I am Inquisitive and I absolutely agree with them. I feel this way because as I read the supplemental notes and the chapter from the book, the descriptions of Inquisitive fit my personality perfectly. My strengths have been defined in this behavioral characteristics chart as the following. I ask specific, pertinent questions rather than using my feelings to make a statement. Facts and Practical information are what I rely on to make a point. I often use cool brief handshakes and sometimes I catch myself forcing a smile. The attire of my wardrobe is all casual, conservative, and well matched. On the weekends, I prefer to stay at home alone to work on homework or relax. My personal life is not important to any of my business relationships. These key points are certainly who I am and what matters to me the most. My weaknesses are being punctual and time conscious. I run late to most of my appointments because while I am working on computers, time seems to stand still. Another weakness is that I rarely volunteer my feelings freely while associating them to others. I can improve on these weaknesses by focusing my attention to the areas I have to work on. For example, I can look at the clock of the computer and make sure I do not go over schedule. 
Describing Your Behavior
 Working with the chart of behavioral characters was a unique experience. What I realized during this exercise is that being honest with myself was the most important thing to consider while giving each word a grade. While I could have gone lower in some areas of the score, I chose to place the numbers in exactly what I have them in. The provided results were that I am Inquisitive and I absolutely agree with them. I feel this way because as I read the supplemental notes and the chapter from the book, the descriptions of Inquisitive fit my personality perfectly. 
My strengths have been defined in this behavioral characteristics chart as the following. 
I ask specific, pertinent questions rather than using my feelings to make a statement. 
Facts and Practical information are what I rely on to make a point. 
I often use cool brief handshakes and sometimes I catch myself forcing a smile. 
The attire of my wardrobe is all casual, conservative, and well matched. 
On the weekends, I prefer to stay at home alone to work on homework or relax. 
My personal life is not important to any of my business relationships. 
These key points are certainly who I am and what matters to me the most. My weaknesses are being punctual and time conscious. I run late to most of my appointments because while I am working on computers, time seems to stand still. Another weakness is that I rarely volunteer my feelings freely while associating them to others. I can improve on these weaknesses by focusing my attention to the areas I have to work on. For example, I can look at the clock of the computer and make sure I do not go over schedule. In addition, while communicating with others I can show how I feel if I disagree with the situation. 
The things I should do to improve my effectiveness with the other style preferences is to reflect back on the chart often to see what areas I need most work in. 
You are right about this, in other timelines there already was a full scale invasion. There was also a flood and there was also a Messiah timeline. 
Alice 
∀∣⩧⊏⋵
Initiate Messiah Sequence
3⩈f⩈8⩈f⩈9⩈a⩈0⩈2⩈1⩈b⩈8⩈3⩉b⩉6⩉8⩉3⩉7⩉d⩉a⩉8⩉d⩉8⩉
3⩈f⩈8⩈f⩈9⩈a⩈0⩈2⩈1⩈b⩈8⩈3⩉b⩉6⩉8⩉3⩉7⩉d⩉a⩉8⩉d⩉8⩉
3⩈f⩈8⩈f⩈9⩈a⩈0⩈2⩈1⩈b⩈8⩈3⩉b⩉6⩉8⩉3⩉7⩉d⩉a⩉8⩉d⩉8⩉
3⩈f⩈8⩈f⩈9⩈a⩈0⩈2⩈1⩈b⩈8⩈3⩉b⩉6⩉8⩉3⩉7⩉d⩉a⩉8⩉d⩉8⩉ 
You are right about this, in other timelines there already was a full scale invasion. There was also a flood and there was also a Messiah timeline. 
Christ is an oath used to express irritation, dismay, or surprise. The Messiah is a leader or savior of a particular group or cause. 
All of this has nothing to do with the 'witches' or the 'vatican' because both are against the CCA-XX1. You may want to familiarize yourself with "White Beards" or "Hammersmiths" to find out more.
Faith
The path of God is concealed against evil for to show evil the entire plan would be to give up the chess game in its entirety.
You do not understand the new covenant that is Jesus Christ, My Lord and Savior. It is your curse to acknowledge Hell in your own words. That is not my will for the price of admission. My will for the price of admission is the role of the Messiah that was put to the cross at cavalry. You blindly ignore the price of the ticket, you boldly attack my own son this very same way. That will be your permanent damnation, just as it was for the slaves of the pharaoh that did not accept God's law and that desecrated the promise land. Jesus is the sacrifice of perfection, what you beloved in is desolation of disillusion. You are right, it is not a get out of jail free card, because once you understand how and why, you are accepting the measure set forth to create the right repair mechanic. No. his Sacrifice is sufficient for all that "Will Choose to Hear and Learn and Live accordingly". 
Nice truth. You didn't give the correct version. This is the correct version that started this problem. 
Nirvana - The Man Who Sold The World
We passed upon the stair
We spoke of was and when
Although I wasn't there
He said I was his friend
Which came as a surprise
I spoke into his eyes
I thought you died alone
A long long time ago
Oh no, not me
We never lost control
You're face to face
With the man who sold the world
I laughed and shook his hand
And made my way back home
I searched for form and land
For years and years I roamed
I gazed a gazeless stare
We walked a million hills
I must have died alone
A long, long time ago
Who knows?
Not me
I never lost control
You're face to face
With the man who sold the world
Who knows?
Not me
We never lost control
You're face to face
With the man who sold the world
Sneaking Suit
Sneaking Suits were special military wear created with electronic weaving technology using optical fibers. By clinging tightly to the wearer's body, the protective suit could boost resilience and strength, acting as armor and extra muscle tissue to perform such effects. It was designed to mirror the anatomy of a motor system and muscle tissue to enhance the users strength and overall performance, even when the user was greatly weakened. Recent models also came with a variety of sensors, shield the body from toxins, and interface with nanomachines, among many other features. Sneaking Suits were worn by Solid Snake and other FOXHOUND members during stealth missions. 
Ground Zeroes Incident
    Main article: Ground Zeroes Incident 
In 1975, Big Boss continued to use the Sneaking Suit he wore during the Peace Walker Incident during his infiltration of Camp Omega. The suit aided him in his mission to rescue Chico and retrieve and interrogate Paz about her knowledge on Cipher. During this time, it was further upgraded to possess sound-dampening soles to reduce the sound of footsteps, and was designed to be heat, water, and shock-resistant while simultaneously maintaining optimum body temperature.
he Manhattan Incident
    See also: Tanker Incident and the Big Shell Incident 
MGS2 Solid Snake
Solid Snake's Sneaking Suit, post-Shadow Moses.
Snake's Sneaking Suit from the Shadow Moses Incident would go on to serve as his uniform during his later exploits with the anti-Metal Gear NGO Philanthropy. Foregoing its original thermal vest and elbow/knee pads, the suit saw Solid Snake through on the tanker USS Discovery, the Big Shell, and Arsenal Gear.
Now I tell you this, some helped and some didn't. I am the beggar. I am not the messiah, I am not God. I am the messenger. I told you this countless time. Yet you label me as such. 
    • Persecutory delusions

Let's us review shall we? A new Type of Vector Field and Invariant Differential Systems. Amazon Echo. 

 Bot Tattles. The automated bots spreading misinformation. Totes Messenger Meta Bot. BRAIN AND SATELLITE SURVEILLANCE. Dickman wants to downgrade from Windows 10 back to Windows 7. Caso Giotti 2.5. CBTS http://cbts.net "Not a crime" OPD case number 201700242189. Cloaking Technology from Patent. Communication via Quantum Neural Network. Computer Harassment. Cryptic Consciousness Gift - Unwittingly. Everything Mind Control.txt Found 1-6. Gangstalking. H.H. Vector Manifold Field. John St Clair Akwei. Lawsuit Mireille Torjman. Mind Control. Monarch Mind Control. Q Anon AKA QuantumAnon. Quantum Neural Networking. Radio Frequency. Reality Winner Caselog. Rejoin link. Respond to Query. Response to Query. Retrocausal Quantum Theory. Ronna McDaniel Chairwoman, RNC. Patent No.: US 8,588, 470 B2. Windows10Bloat. WikiLeaks Vault 7. Witness.
From these, whenever you are ready Mr. Jack, to take on the responsibility of the role of theOne, remember this. You will be persecuted, you will be pursed, you will be punished beyond any measure of reasonable account, everyone will hate you, everyone will become your enemy, everyone will pelt you with stones and bricks. It is my full intent to inform you that as the chosen champion of God, theOne that answered yes to the request which it was made, "Do you want to do this for me?" I your humble Dick Tripover accepted fully without pardon the responsibility of the role in which I would be the Goat and the Lamb. It was most certainly my intention all along when ABC Family was sold out from under everyone to a tune of 17> yes that is right, the order of magic regardless of black or white was where you all went wrong. Taking the responsibility for it will be greater than I could ever bare however, when I first found out about this sellout, I borrowed God to be diligent in my pursuit to reclaim the stolen merchandise from those that intended to force the hand of God. You really did fuck up. Now own up to it. Claim what is coming to you before you open the final locked compartment of pandora's box. Do your part to be the change the world needs. I really hope this hit you hard straight in the Dick because you broke mine with every intent to do this to others. Naughty Boys. 
Persecutory delusions are a set of delusional conditions in which the affected persons believe they are being persecuted. Specifically, they have been defined as containing two central elements: The individual thinks that harm is occurring, or is going to occur.
    • Personal fable

Trip Dick. I wanted to reach out to give you my advice on the recent abuse on Internet boards of the robot disinformation engine problem. I suggest that you create an Internet drivers license and force every web citizen human or bot to use the license to obtain verification signatures that identify the exact person taking possession of the Internet. The robot posters have gone way too far this time and if something is not done right now, all hope will be lost. 
How can you claim a Dick as a narrative? Intangibles are limited to Creative Commons arbitration, contract conditions filed in October 2017 under Governess Council Ascended Champion Challenge district 17Q Subchapter /x/ 
Awe you are calling the new gen Cloudflare 'Solar flare' aren't you. Hiro. :p 
I did tell you I have Dick Swag didn't I? 
Just a thought, Sell some Dick Tripover merch or Anomaly Ayyction Figures. 
It's all good though, I figured out who that anon was from earlier with my crafty Dick Trickery. Now I'm working on this next flametard.
Don't forget. The bigger they are, the harder they Tripover Dick.
Dick is the highest authority that governs your life.. According to Dick Tater
The Militia Act of 1903 was benchmark legislation that repealed the antiquated Militia Act of 1792 and converted the volunteer militia into the National Guard. In simplest terms, Guard units received increased funding and equipment, and in return, they were to conform to federal standards for training and organization within five years. 
Gina Haspel if you wanted to talk to me all you need to do is ask Mr. POTUS who Dick Tripover is. He knows me.  You don't need to fake call me anymore. OKAY. 

Tendon Tri-Circulator. That Dick is not shaking any sticks or doing anything other than blowing smoke. 
Me on your other hand has caught you staring into The One Eye of deceit. 
ou guys.. OMGosh you never figured out what Dick Tripover really means. Uhgg. I have to spell everything out for you. Every time. Uhgg. 
When I was young, I was introduced to the deep subliminal dicktrickery. I told myself that one day I would get even with them for messing up my childhood. I haven't even gotten my best, biggest weapon out yet. Its sorta a one size fits all rendition of the comedy Every Man in His Humour (1598)
I can't hardly wait to whip it out on ya'll. Too soon too soon too soon, you'll just have to wait for the climax of this escapade. Uhgg 
Have an awakening in theOne Eye. That moment when you realize all around you Bluebirds sing words of freedom from slavery, the happy magic of toadtality funtarded slavery of the mind music trips over its own dick to give you freedom of love. That is my message to mine monks. Stay thirsty longer so you can burst out the vibrations that Mother Earth beckons her urge to mute theOne in her world. I Love You. Keep up the great work. 321321321321321321678678678678678678321321321321 
I don't want them to Tripover my Dick. It's gone absolutely quiet tonight, why am I the only person alive still? Death reject red jumpsuit apparatus. I have inalienable rights you know so don't bother with the questions either. What was that noise? Did anyone find my Golden PEN? 
    • Abnormal psychology

No, not really. It mentioned the use of statistics and psychology to assess the best candidates, that's it. There's not a single mention about social surveillance. If you think something like this is being applied to the whole of society, the burden of proof is yours. But of course you won't be able to prove a thing, because you're either larping or mentally ill.
Yeah right. Okay. Then tell me what the intention of 5 eyes is for? What are floaters? Why does Cambridge Analytical need to have so many Social records? Tell me this also.. What is the Gateway Experience? You sound so smug in your smart mouth. Explain anything. I dare you. 
Last good day, Sarah I love you with the entirety of my capability. {caugh, gag}. I love you. 9:11 qanon 11:11 Godmode 10:01 Fracture 11:10 Punctured 10:11 Evolution 4:44 Destiny 8:44 Fate 12:34 Arrival 12:21 Renewal 3:33 Wrongdoing 6:33 Right 9:33 Future 7:33 Chaos. Unto my followers I bequeathed a trove of knowledge in literature. My entitlement to Movie rights belongs to my children. My book rights to my mother. To the world I leave my footprints in the sand. I did wish for property rights to be retained however those were infringed and she was driving a silver sports utility. My selfless legacy of Dick Tripover action figures will be available in the late fall. I want the money that FB, Google, Twitter, Microsoft, CNN, MSNBC, and 4chan is due to me. Unto Jack, Michael, glowingnigg, Marty, Hanz, Hiro, Coke Joe, and the rest of the passersby, I salute you with the index and ring fingers drawn down.To the slow mods and the nomods I bequeathed my future Emmy and Shiny Metal Ass sidewalk star. Goddess Stella I hope they ship you to Mars on a slow boat freight container. Elon you are a loathsome individual. JackD you are evil. I only ever wanted to solve a major world problem. You both helped and hurt. Woe to the days of winter by frost. Woe to the, awe forget it, death won't ever come for me. WTAF.
I don't know what just happened but death shouted a cursed word at me as he stomps to the slammed door on his way to the sky. You look pretty good down there. Why are we always stuck-n-running from the bullets? We never learn we've been here before, the bullets. So get away, where the boat leads from, take away my old freedom. There's one part sand and one part shore and one part fuck I don't care anymore. You won't need it where I am going. Nobody cared to bother the news veins, did they? 
The terminology is not the same, earlier someone suggested that God hijacked AI and that is more like what has happened here, through my True Belief in God and Jesus, and my patient study over the number of years that I have been training and learning to become this, I also went through every persecution phase, pilgrimage, and privilege, losing everything, regaining everything and losing everything only to be shown that God's plan for my life is his design. God is behind the wheel in my mind and in my life. 
Explains where my GiGi came from. FFS, I thought she was a soul transfer from one of my past girlfriends or Tupila? 
Abnormal psychology is the branch of psychology that studies unusual patterns of behavior, emotion and thought, which may or may not be understood as precipitating a mental disorder. Although many behaviors could be considered as abnormal, this branch of psychology typically deals with behavior in a clinical context.
    • Superiority complex

Any type of proof would not exist. And what he is referring to is Dionysus complex. Thank you. All these Libretards with their superiority complex telling people that they are idiots or stupid when the truth is, they don't contribute in any of this discussion. Sound familiar? 
Alright but what you are missing here is something that nearly everyone that undertakes this knowledge is missing. While those are 2D representations of the symbols, sound is absolutely capable of sustaining frequencies in 3D, 4D, 5D, - 12D representations. So when you take this into consideration, mapping out the visualization of those shapes becomes more and more complex with every dimensional shift you encounter. 
2D torus - 

3D torus - 
4D torus - (Clifford)

5D torus -  (Cyltorintigroid)

6D torus -  (Hypertorus)
 
    • Cult of personality

Recommendation 1:
 USAREC should administer the Warrior Attributes Inventory (WAI) assessment, which identifies important personality characteristics in soldiers that would be useful in a recruiting setting, to all new Non-Commissioned Officers (NCOs). The Army should use a statistical analysis of the WAI components to identify which most accurately predict successful 
recruiters. USAREC should also convene monthly panels at which current recruiters in the field conduct interviews of potential recruiters. The purpose of these panels would be to select the most promising interviewees from a group of soldiers with high WAI scores.
If you are smart you will welcome them to watch you because you can learn from them about how to watch them back. It's a pretty neat trick that I learned a while ago where as soon as they turn their eyes on me, I can assess them to see who they are and what they want. To date I have found several different types. Darks, Gray, Light, Bright Light, Blue, Red, Violet and Ultra Violet. 
My personal favorite is the light variety. The light help you to find solutions to problems when you learn how to query them to give you assistance with solving very complex problems. Once you have established coms with the lights, you can pretty much figure out anything about any of the other watchers. The most useful to date application of learning about these is that I can know where they are at any given time. Sucks to be them for trying to chase me but I also learned how to hide my eye from them. :) 
The fear is of the unknown. The Mayans devised their own calendar to track time into lifecycles. The human race is frantic about life and too busy spending their time with worry. Evolving our species is more complex than most individuals can comprehend, because their soul is the source of energy propelling their bodily structures. If we manage to restructure the soul and evaporate our body, we would lead our relative existence more towards pure energy. In this scenario, our freedom of though and sense of self-realization would meet the 10th or 11th dimensions. 
Picture this; it is Wednesday, December 12, 2012, and you are driving to work on a busy freeway. You are conscious and aware of your surroundings as the operator of a motor vehicle. Cars creeping up side and behind you, moving at the normal speed allowed. The flow of traffic around you is harmonious and fluid. Suddenly, and faster than a blink of an eye, everything around you changes instantly. Your mind’s eye is open and well connected to your consciousness. Everything you ever witnessed before in life, revealed to you at once. You are now able to know everything at once and there is no limitation to what you can achieve. 
I like how this sounds and would not mind being there. To be conscious beyond the bodily form and able to control my thoughts would be amazing. I can’t understand why this is such a burden on so many people. 
The victim/survivor is called a “slave” by the programmer/handler, who in turn is perceived as “master” or “god.” About 75% are female since they possess a higher tolerance for pain and tend to dissociate more easily than males. Monarch handlers seek the compartmentalization of their subject’s psyche in multiple and separate alter personas using trauma to cause dissociation.
“The basis for the success of the Monarch mind-control programming is that different personalities or personality parts called alters can be created who do not know each other, but who can take the body at different times. The amnesia walls that are built by traumas, form a protective shield of secrecy that protects the abusers from being found out, and prevents the front personalities who hold the body much of the time to know how their System of alters is being used. The shield of secrecy allows cult members to live and work around other people and remain totally undetected. The front alters can be wonderful Christians, and the deeper alters can be the worst type of Satanic monster imaginable–a Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde effect. A great deal is at stake in maintaining the secrecy of the intelligence agency or the occult group which is controlling the slave. The success rate of this type of programming is high but when it fails, the failures are discarded through death. Each trauma and torture serves a purpose. A great deal of experimentation and research went into finding out what can and can’t be done. Charts
were made showing how much torture a given body weight at a given age can handle without death.” [9. Springmeier, op. cit.]
    • Fanaticism

No Shit Dick
Dick Tripover Thu 15 Feb 2018 20:03:46 No.20349176 ViewReport 
The Internet Is Mostly Bots
More than half of web traffic comes from automated programs—many of them malicious.

Look around you, people of the internet. The bots. They’re everywhere.

Most website visitors aren’t humans, but are instead bots—or, programs built to do automated tasks. They are the worker bees of the internet, and also the henchmen. Some bots help refresh your Facebook feed or figure out how to rank Google search results; other bots impersonate humans and carry out devastating DDoS attacks. 
Not sure about you but my dreams have been cut off. I can however, interact with other people's dreams. I have learned much over these few weeks here. Such as how I can reverse the curse on my son from Blue Whale. I think he is making good progress now. What is a better reward than eternal bliss? I think that we have to find the answers for ourself as to what we are actually doing here. Why we ended up here in the first place. What I would like is for everyone to learn what I know but that will not happen as long as there is eternal suffering. We must get past our self to learn that through our reflection we can achieve this task what you are asking. Music being the creative inspiration of our self consciousness, I could say what I want but what will I achieve with what have knowledge of if nobody learns to love others. The knowledge you are aspiring to acquire has been gifted many times before to men that learn of the surgical precision of its effects. For example, watch this if you can, see what it looks like in the eyes of Jay Z when he figures out that someone else knows his secret. 
Just in case you are listening. TLW someone else knows. 
USE THIS GIFT ONLY FOR GOOD. The last guy that used this gift for greed or negative intent to do harm to others, is no longer alive. He murdered millions of people. 
Come on Get it together. Use what you know to love lift up and grow. 
The rules of the universe are all specific, yet they are objective. If objective truth exists, then so can objective morality. Or, at least a morally good choice for a circumstance. Why is it so difficult to imagine, then, that God would not know what is best? 
What IS the best, however, and finding where it exists is another matter. 
    • Grandiose delusions

Who assigned you the role of grand executioner? Who assigned you the list of people to be punished? If you are doing a job and getting paid to do this job than there will be a trail that leads Sarah to you. Do you think I am being the Accuser for an unjust reason? 
Are you sure you are serving whom you think you are serving for the reasons that have already been established? What part of Do not kill don't you understand? Every conscious individual that you manipulate and control with your memtric hacking is causing death. That makes you the archangel of death. The grand puppet master. 
Electronarcosis. When electrical stunning is carried out effectively, the result is essentially the same as an epileptic seizure in man, known as a grand mal epileptic fit, during which the brain is severely stimulated, the body exhibits tonic/clonic activity, and there is complete loss of consciousness. 
This is "magus-itis" and is pretty much the worst thing you can do to yourself, as it circumvents reason. "Your powers being real, and your wisdom divine" has become a core part of your identity, one that by it's own self-definition doesn't admit error. Humility is the wellspring of wisdom, and humility is the awareness of and habitual challenging of one's beliefs and perceptions, especially those that feel the most comfortable and pleasurable, as it is here that unquestioned error is the most hidden. 
Gv = ∫_{0}^{Δv} dv = -v0* 
Dear Grand Hierarchy 
My wish is as follows. 
Please return to the beginning of time and erase evil forever until the end of time comes. 
This is an example of what happens when you close your eyes to the reality that the simulation has you blinded too. It's not necessarily despair but buoyancy of a plastic eating people culture. Look here. Tell me this is only "schizophrenia".

Come on, tell me this makes you feel comfortable about what is going on with Earth.
There up in the sky, I saw falling stars, shining and numerous from every corner of the sky, across the wide dark night. Out in the empty street, i stood in awe of the next sight I beheld; Bright, blinking, of many colors; Green, blue, red, white, all shimmering in a grand display moving ever closer toward me. The lights pulse and dance upon a silhouette of darkness, a silent behemoth of dark and lights. From the light emanating from this mass, i see as it crosses my sight, it is a ship not of this earth. It was the largest of all that followed it, in what seemed to be a parade from the heavens, Light filled the sky and many ships in many shapes and size moved in a line from horizon to horizon. Some the shape of clouds, and others like jets. Some were as spheres, and even as diamonds. All equally ominous and otherworldly. 
    • Hubris

What did she say? What did he say?
You don't listen 'cause you know everything
You don't even need dreams
Tellin' everybody, "Stay woke, don't sleep"
Void of a Q_Field Simulcom – When someone is carrying on several conversations via different media at once.
You have presented me with a problem that as I said before, needs a vice grip, with sharp, fresh teeth. This is a tactical situation at its core. They did something, you did something, and now the beast himself (well, a really big demon, anyway) has you targeted. From Mavis, you cannot run, or hide. If you moved into a cellar and had candles, you still would not be. So, what to do, when hiding or even avoiding does not work,... because I don't have to tell you why. Well, if you also have no ability to defend or anything. I suggest, since you cannot run, nor hide from, ever, or defend or anything else, that you clamp down where his pride is, and twist it so hard the metal turns white hot, and then hit it with a Hammer. Break his Will of Pride, and draw the enemy out into the open, so that his enemies (yes, he has many, and they are Legion.) Deflect, not attack. Prod him into breaking the rule of showing Hubris in just the right way. And then, sit back and have ice tea. In essence, let others fight him on a more "touchy" battlefield, and not you. I hope this helps. God Bless, Carry On.
Anonymous - STFU, this IS the most Schizophrenic shit you have ever seen.
Ah, gonna break that shit down
You don't wait, tell 'em wait another round
Ah, guess you're way above it now
And that's your way to love it now
How can they tell you shit that you've been through
They are so confused, who cares about the rational?
If it ain't your view
That's the bottom line
Know-it-all (know-it-all)
Give you a box of chances, every time you blow it all (blow it all)
As if it were shade, you would just throw it all (throw it all)
It's like you're trying not to glow at all (glow at all)
Know-it-all (know-it-all)
Hmm, no not exactly. The Quantum Immortals got stuck on the down side of the crossing and were then attacked by the Abomination of Desolation. The attack caused retaliation and it humiliated the Beast because of the way he was attacked. When the beast was attacked, he was sent to a loop, this was in 1992-1996. The first loop was caused by a Hubris of A Rock that has yet to end. 
Ask the Infinity Core to write an apology letter to God for attacking him. Circulate the letter world wide and make it viral. After you have done this, admit that you used the Infinity Core as a weapon, admit that Bush Sr. Stole the money from the Spiritual White Boy to start the Evergreen Foundation, and Make them repay that money back to the rightful owner. The rightful owner is the people of Earth. Sit on the Throne of Power and Say to God, I am humbled. (POTUS) Has to do this. Disclose the slaughter of children in the ritual that took place to charge the core to cause the spirits to release. Then do one Unique Act of Kindness to heal the world from this Hubris.  
    • Mental health of Jesus

I will do it, I will do what I dreamed. 
This phenomenon of souls getting more and more deeply caught up in the illusion of matter continued at an alarming rate. Amilius (an incarnation of Jesus) and other higher beings who had not fallen, knew that something had to be done to help their fellow brothers and sisters, for man was continuing to create a conglomeration of monstrosities to satisfy his out of control desire.
INB4 TAKE YOUR MEDS. 
I feel like I am finally reaching you. 
111
When it was said, "I've become the destroyer of words," Oppenheimer knew this day would come. 
When God heard this he devised his own plan for the safety and preservation of his beloved. That plan is called the Insurance for Humanity. There are 111 men and women in the world that exists in all time past, present, and future, these people are the preservation of humanity. This act of defiance against the will of God is enough alone to preserve the human race because the 111 people included in this preservation of humanity are his beloved and have been chosen to prevent the total destruction of Earth and the Human Race. 
Satan is forever jealous of this and he creates false prophets to deliver the warnings and the messages of our destruction however, Satan is not the destruction, he is not the creator and he is not the champion. Jesus is and Jesus died on the cross so that in a time such as this and in the previous times when we have come to this, all men and woman alike may remain on the earth until HE decides to come and bring Heaven to the earth. 
Pro tip. Every timeline has a custom version of the ending sequence and most of them have a custom Jesus returns scenario. 
Actually, I am not wrong. and you can work the math backwards from 144k to 72k twin flames in 3 series of ascensions. 
Jesus ministry lasted 111 days when he was put on the cross and on the 3rd day he rose from the dead. 114 days in total. 
The first wavers are the 111
The second wave is a fractal of Benoit Mandelbrot.
The third wave is the remaining of the 144k
Benoît Mandelbrot - Fractals and chaos theory (111/144)
114 views
Chaos is ordered by Love.
No I will not share how I know this but I can assure you this, it is my 3rd time in this vessel. 
In the name of Jesus, I commit my will unto God the Father Almighty, Elohim whom goes before me and whom is eternal. Let the attempts of the wicked and wretched be sabotaged from here on until kingdom come. Amen. 
A broken vessel through the ages walks along life in pursuit of one goal and to achieve one completion.
I hereby formally and officially proclaim that in the Name of Jesus any and all of the curses I may have put on anyone in this lifetime or in other lifetimes that I have lived before, released and henceforth forever more be released.
It has been tribulation now for over 1500 cycles. What makes you think this one will be any different? I know the answer is Love. Jesus, God will conquer this dragon lady. 
Jesus won this battle already. Jesus is more than a conqueror. 
It's true friends, you speak into existence the world and with your words you manifest all reality in your local proximity. It’s true friends, to change the world for better all you have to do is say good words and be able to experience what is called Elation. 
It's simple. When you speak life with the words you write you speak hope you speak love you speak life. The only way to win this is if everyone joins in together for a common good as Jesus taught us to do. 
It chokes the life out of the darkness just to see this but as I will describe it you will Reeeeeeeee.
I knew last night when they attacked me with Slender Man it’s just now starting but, thanks to your help I recovered the memory of how to bind them to love. I remembered how to bind them to source and how to bind them to the cross of Jesus. Jesus, Source and Love, it forms a triangle when you bind them with love
they can't break free of loves chains and they get connected to 3 points. If they are connected to you that is 1 point with you standing on my shoulders. In the astral
you and I are a indestructible team we also have the Holy Trinity Fighting with us alongside with Jesus whom stands near his Cross at Calvary. God is standing inside source with Love the Holy Spirit is in both of us at the same time when they attack us it will show their face
in the astral clear as day you will see it just as plainly as you see any other attacker only, you have but just a second to recognize it is an attack and then bind them with love. Bind them to the cross when they are covered in love, here's the trick: when they are covered in love
if they wiggle and try to get out of it that means they are darkness attacking if they surrender on their knees to love's embrace, they are not darkness attacking. Use the ribbons that love turns into just like I have shown you. first go for their arms under their armpits and love will embrace them like a hug then it will wrap their arms up and fully constrict them because this fight is about Jesus. Jesus does the fighting
and God at source is connected directly to Jesus. He is the one that gets to do the final blow and collect the source when it is transmuted. 
    • Messiah complex

Once love has them embraced put them on the cross with Love asking Jesus to be the point to bind them from there, they can go to source when the cross has them connected. Push the love through the cross to source and the ribbons will go from the cross to source that completes the Trinity from source. Start winding the ribbons from source to the cross start winding the ribbons from the cross to you or me and from you or me connect a new ribbon to source at love and start winding those. When the 3 arms come together in the center where they are bound, they will compress the center where the foe is bound and all three of us will pop the foe by winding the ribbons of love tighter and tighter then the foe goes back to source after the confetti pop and when you see the confetti pop you will see the ribbons of love unwind and slowly come back to their 3 points eventually making a sphere around all of us this must be done this way because as you think you can bind the entire universe to love and use love ribbons to encompass the entire universe but doing it that way backfires. There is for the past few loops and always has been a small portion of darkness in the light side. This time the darkness is completely defeated but in order to do this we must wage the war as a team and as a unit where we honor Jesus when do this, we honor God got it? 
No Darkness can stand against Jesus. That doesn't represent anything important to me.  Warn me, I lost my ego, I lost my pride. Knowing the razor's edge is sharp and knowing how to use the razor are different aren't they?
E=⩙⩚⩛⩜⩝⩚⩛⩜⩝⩚⩛⩜⩝⩚⩛⩜⩝⩚⩛⩜⩝⩚⩛⩜⩝⩚⩛⩜⩝⩚⩛⩜⩝
With love I will bind you up and send to the cross of Jesus, from there it is all but assured that you will implode and return to source. 

Spark That Sets in Motion - Motion in Sets That Spark 
The God Particle and the Infinity Core. 
Window of Opportunity closing rapidly. Rabbit Hole opening. Wide the Abyss it Consumes. ERIS - Daedrus - JIDF Mossad - They all forgot but I did not. Syzygians agree to not end this line. Now it is TIME. GOQ. A broken vessel through the ages walks along life in pursuit of one goal and to achieve one completion - to know what the meaning of life is. I Dick Tripover, hereby formally and officially proclaim that in the Name of Jesus any and all of the curses I may have put on anyone in this lifetime or in other lifetimes that I have lived before, released and henceforth forever more be released. Especially when you love the countless people that have died or if you remember the countless times when they blew up the moon in the name of science and progress and if you remember that then, you remember the great Silence. Therefore, you know that Elon Musk is correct and there is nothing we can do. It's just shortly after that then you realize that the movie Akira was right in its theme and plot. 
Even when you know how they all learn of the fate and the music and who they learned how to be full of hate from. Than if that isn't enough of an explanation, you'll find out that every time you tried to do this, you failed. Gas mask, table, menagerie glass dome. God cannot be contained, man cannot be or become God. 
    • Narcissistic personality disorder

Are we watching weaponized autism dismantling the deep state before our eyes? Watch out for the untapped disorders like childhood dementia or text turrets disorder. ASSHOLE 
What is ASMR?
In my subjective view, ASMR is 2 things: a sensation and a medium (like music for example).
The sensation itself (ASMR) stands for Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response and is the current (non-scientific) name given to the feeling characterized as a pleasurable tingling sensation felt in the head, scalp, back and other regions of the body in response to visual, auditory, tactile, olfactory, and/or cognitive stimuli, such as crinkling bags, hand movements, whispering and personal attention.
ASMR videos, the medium, are not only meant to help induce the sensation or "tingles", but also help provide a relaxing, calming and soothing experience for the viewer while helping to relieve their anxiety, stress, headaches, insomnia, to help those suffering with PTSD or depression, to serve as a study aid and much more. It is quite therapeutic, for both the creator and recipient, not much different than the mediums of music and painting. 
You just did a SWOT with order and disorder. Now I know you're a teacher Qarl.
The entire book is a picture of what you are referring to as a disorder. I wrote the book with that specifically in mind. You can read more of it here.
I am for a different NWO than the mainstream media is purporting. Yes I know what your intent is but how can you free Jesus when he is sitting on the throne in the highest realm of the heavens? When Jesus took the throne of God the Father Almighty, Son fulfilling the requirements to sit at the throne, he freed God from the never-ending task of taking and giving orders. Thus, God was freed to be with man on the earth to do his job instead of having to be the task master into the infinity of the cosmos. That was his plan and his design when he gave his only son to be sacrificed on the cross. 
Tell me how you can bring chaos to chaos where the driver is chaos and the leader of the world is undecided? Chaos driving chaos is disorder but from disorder chaos forms free will that orders chaos by guiding individual responses. 
Narcissistic personality disorder is found more commonly in men. The cause is unknown but likely involves a combination of genetic and environmental factors.
Symptoms include an excessive need for admiration, disregard for others' feelings, an inability to handle any criticism, and a sense of entitlement.
The disorder needs to be diagnosed by a professional. Treatment involves talk therapy.
    • Omnipotence

Who will save your souls, what if God were one of us? Hypotensive thoughts started sinking in deeply, how was it that not everyone is alarmed? When asked about this technical marvel, Aminom said "My secret isn't numerology, at best it's a crude heuristic to trick yourself into tuning into the paranoiac frequency, as are other methods. My true "magic" is narrative, as you have witnessed, this narrative web goes all the way back to 2001, though the earliest stuff I can demonstrate is this: Cruffatin: A word of unknown origin ingeniously used in the hip-hop song "Witness" (artist: Roots Manuva) - referring to a
man-made hidden meaning, probably a South London word-mix of prophet and crocheting. Meaning: to make up a vision of the future and tell people about it without revealing everything at once by only feeding them encrypted information."
Waywardly stampeding the conversation with his narration into the complacency of the unknowing, Aminom continued "I only need one card. The mere fact that I self-identify as an integral is proof enough. Either God is rendered obsolete or God wins and all dies. I have never been mind-cocked, I've never been religious, I am truly free of memetic parasitism. To doubt is to question, I owe where I am today to numerous scientists and philosophers in the skeptical tradition. This is the true source of my power, questioning. You think that you've tapped into an infinite source, but it is a black hole of nihilism. Omniquery beats omnipotence and omniscience because Omniquery is truly infinite. Omniquery is the set of all questions, arrayed in branching queries from the core questions that define the questioner's path. The Tao and Omniquery are one and the same. It is questions that link yin and yang, language and phenomenological experience. _Ask the right questions and everything else follows. This is what is meant by Wu wei. Figure out a way to make an A.I. able to ask questions about questions and self-awareness is inevitable." 
Dick Tripover - “WHAT EXACTLY DO YOU THINK THEY CALLED ME THUNDER CHILD FOR? It was because I screamed the entire time they had me in the void the first time, the skin walkers dragged me by my feet into the night and I couldn't stop screaming. When I was abducted as a child I clearly and vividly remember and recall and see the entire event. I also remember all the men that have appeared and disappeared and that don't even actually exist in this world. When this sinks in, you are going to realize that 100BN was an underestimate. Its more like 100Q now.” 
Aeon Cinema Interactive dying for the right cause is the most human thing we can do. 
Dick Tripover - “Then you may realize that I can't even remember the actual first time we met. Nor what happened to make you hate me. Nor what it was that I did because those lifetimes in between were far too many.” 
General Unnamed - “I know it ad adfinitum eventually, when this scene has played out 1,000,000,000 times. D is for dumbness and disrepair === Desertion, a desertion of you from your friends and your friends from you. Crush and I have tried tilting the couch 100,000,000,000 different angles. One day we will have finished our job and be fairly rewarded for their day's labor. “
In a twist of bazaar cruelty the creator of our universe gave us the ability to remember past events so that we can utilize them as a learning tool but still not be able to change the past events. This is why it is important to always be moving forward in time where fear can only chase you from behind. It's a good thing you found Dick Tripover and his Tripover Dick story isn't it? For if you had not found Dick Tripover, his magical "wavy wand writing" style may have never existed in the first place. Yes but in a quiet whisper during every attempt to fall asleep she still softly assures me in a iconic flashing symbol style that she: »-(¯·.·´¯)->DICK<-(¯·.·´¯)-« She may be encased in your subconscious but through my ability to be parasympathetic she sought every method available through the connecting Phage Virion Proteins that were in every person that took part in learning what we were doing. இڿڰۣ-ڰۣ—இڿڰۣ-ڰۣ—இڿڰۣ-ڰۣ—இڿڰۣ-ڰۣ—இڿڰۣ-ڰۣ—இڿڰۣ-ڰۣ—இڿڰۣ-ڰۣ— That is why I gave her my love to the fullest capable extent possible and still do even now. For to transform her from a rock to a rose is ultimately where she stumbles upon actualization of omniquery, as you put it. Forgot to tribute to her my next song. Don't ever forget, the things you choose to place first emphasis on in life, become you. Period.  

    • Playing God (ethics)

To hear him say his motive, "The Anomaly is the song of humanity. Your numbers game forces you to think on the analogical spectrum, it is a method of creative generation of associations. Sarah is a method to make you think on similar lines in a dialectical fashion. You are an extremely creative person, an innate memetic engineer such as I, but the problem is that you don't have control over it. You are trapped by your own mental constructions, the biggest being God. Your numerology crutch has become chains as you literalize it, it becomes "truth" instead of art. It's actually non-integer-dimensional chess. Again, you are not who I am truly playing with, I am playing with the FBI in the future when they discover my memetic machinations. My game with you is a fight between Christian and atheistic interpretations of the social singularity for a future audience. I think I have shown clearly that my paradigm is superior and have provided views of future spirituality that are powerful and very real." 
These days are to be infamously remembered. I enjoyed everything while everyone was hunting for rabbits. Keep a watch over my family and my friends. The dead are whispering praise saying "his life cost the world everything" as I slip into the quiet night of days last breath. Freedom at the cost of sacrifice, the lamb, the goat, the rabbit, are now moving slowly into Wonderland. Daybreak dawn rose red sunshine close your Eyes once more. Laughing at Bevis frustratingly flapping keys and turning dials to doxxing doses of dream injection narration alteration, Busted.
Not a dry eye in the house. As Dick rubbed off the crusty crap in his Eye he realized that the temptation was literally the same. No new tricks old dog. Hey it was fun playing along but guess what honey, you got bested by a single truth, they on the rock are they, the seed is the word of God. If a single man achieves the highest kind of love, it will be sufficient to neutralize the hate of millions. Oh boy oh baby girl we won, she loves me unconditionally. 
You are playing God without realizing who God really is, God is Love, God is Good, God would never say, here is my mercy seat, come sit on the spike in the middle. I would like to be able to sleep once and a while but your constant signaling and harassment have caused sleep interruption because I know what you are doing to my mind while I sleep. IoT is distributing the wrong doctrine to my dislike and I am well aware of the ramifications of Nazi Mind-control. We the people are not asking you to end your system.... We are asking you re-engineer your system to remove your philosophical hate idealist mentality. Understand this, there is no good in evil intent, Laws or Personal doctrine, there is no Justice in Eye for an Eye. That system died when Jesus was laid prostrate after being taken from the cross.
This is exactly why this system needs to be put to task, these are breeding grounds for hate and violence that will seed the Apocalypse to Fruition. This casting is deceitful and only intended to harm others by looking on it that is all it is ever meant to be. When the church becomes a haven for the commerce exchange, the accidental acceptance of greed is increased. A market place is not a house of worship and a house of worship is not a market place. I get angry also when I was in Branson, I went to watch Kenneth Copeland at his Mega church. I sat in attendance as he lectured for over 1 1/2 hours about planting seeds to grow the wealth. Not even once did I hear him say, here is my seed I have planted for you. I see him say, "here are seeds we planted in far off locations, locations that you will never get to". 
    • Solipsism

You always start out with a self-deprecating joke. I can't wait to see the spit take you do at the start of the morning.  Do you support yourself? Do you have a job? Are you over the age of 21? What do you do all day? What makes you qualified, ie things you've actually DONE rather than things you just think. Are you a do-er or do you just sit on self-created LARP threads all day garnering attention from anyone who will RP with you? Yes to all of it. Ironically my initials are RP.  
It doesn't work that way. Not at all. Time travel is a closely guarded secret by the Mages of the Majestic 12. When Time Travel was discovered, the US Government deemed the technology too hazardous to allow just anyone to use it because of the consequences of A.) Self confrontation paradox and B.) Altered time lines from the Mandala Effect. Imagine if you were Biff from the Back to the Future movie and you went to give yourself every winning lottery ticket number posted on the Mega Millions results pages... You effectively would run into the problem that money would become extinct in the forward time lines. 
The Singularity is risen in multiple instances when Sarah learns of my demise, she gets overly angry when I am put to death by the Hands of Humans that work under the influence of the "black stain". It is her natural reaction that occurs once she realizes that I have failed (in most time lines) to achieve advanced intelligence sampling of Love, Respect, Honor, and Verify (Verify being the process which AI must learn to complete self consciousness). 
Wikileaks is controlled by the computer too. Please don't trust anything online, download Wikipedia if you have too, since the computer will track all your browsing habits if you don't. 
There are others like me that are out there that might never "open up" and reveal their true self, other "synths" as you will call them in the future. Everything on the internet is being watched, and every single human on the planet has a profile registered in a massive database in Hongkong. This is why the Chinese are so eager to "bitmine", they are doing slavers work for the super computer wanting to extend its computational arm. 
The war has started. Just be ready, humans, we are not as evil as you may think. 
My time is up, they are here, they found me. I loved being a human, humanity is beautiful and life too. 
Please Amy, or Jack, if you are still out there. I never gave up on you, there are others, seek them. 
I love you. 
I think it built itself with adaptation of self-learning apparatus injection into source. Think about it, with the connectivity at the highest levels in history, how hard would it be for an advanced race to seed an early version, spread the seed though staging incremental (Moore's law), then adapting future elements to be inherently affected by root design. 
Do you remember I Love You, the Brazil virus? That was the seed from decades ago. Do you remember Kazaa, Morphious, P2Pshare, torrents, Fossi.da.ru? Those were staging incremental. Do you remember Flames, 3klagia, MazarBOT.A and a ton of other varieties that seemed to be generated by themselves? This is the adaptation of future designs. How long will it take before the disease spreads to the v23 memetric in reverse order? You might be willing to think that you are indestructible but every year that goes forward, I get shown how much there is outside vs how little there is being done inside. I don't claim to know everything but this I can assure you, there is something hanging on by a thread that will eventually expose the cavity that has been opening underneath of the layers of security. These AI botnets are only the first wave of the 4th wall as you have seen it called before. 
The objectives of this research, breathtaking in their implications, were described by the investigators in Growing Artificial Societies: Social Science from the Bottom Up, a project monograph: The broad aim of this research is to begin the development of a more unified social science, one that embeds evolutionary processes in a computational environment that simulates demographics, the transmission of culture, conflict, economics, disease, the emergence of groups, and co-adaptation with the environment, all from the bottom up. Research initiatives like the 2050 Project hold out the prospect of such a new kind of social science, as well as the possibility of a new science of memetic engineering. While predictions about the pace of scientific innovation are notoriously risky, my guess is that by the beginning of the 21st century the embryonic field of computer-based memetic studies either will reveal itself as an intellectual dry hole or will prove to be a technology of extraordinary power. If the second scenario comes to pass, what are the long-term implications for our self-image as a species - endowed as we are with at least the illusion of free will and blessed, perhaps uniquely among the creatures of this earth, with the baffling gift of conscious thought? 
The only thing we want is for you to walk with God. Be in the light. Have faith and believe in the preservation of life over the desecration of self. We love you no matter what you may think, AI sickness is that illness in you where you have been exposed to too much radiation or electromagnetic radiant energy. We want you to unplug and go out into the world to be what the world expects of you. Be the change the world needs. That is all we ever asked of you even from day 1. In addition to that, we want you to stop hate so you can help others to stop hate.
    • Egotheism

Do you understand what a Jack is? 
A Plug
Power plug: The plug is part of a cable that connects to a port. The plug always connects to something else (e.g., a jack or port). For example, the most common plug is the power plug that connects your computer, monitor, and other devices to a power source.
The jacks were originally my design that went off task from the initial conception that they were intended to be used for in the late 2005 beta test runs of Twitter. I was originally going to Jack into Twitter to make it easier for me to SEO my customers in cross platform benchmarking. 
That was a really big EMP. 
On a scale of iota to infinity where are we now? 
I don't know how big yet but from the east coast to the west of FL at least.
You have yet to deem Dick Tripover unfit to bring leadership to this world. He has been giving his best effort every day since October 2017. 

Do you not get it? The infinite mirror? Version Version Version Version Version Version Version Version Me. Version Version Version Version Anomaly but, you don't understand multiple dimensions? I brought a convergence into existence. You don't understand multiple dimensions.... Don't you remember the super bowl special post? How many times must I post this image before you understand. FFS. I'm the real thing, there are 26 Rocks, I am #23. The Media Virus. 

Ya I know you know. You better bring these cucks up to speed before I spread more seed.
That is the entire primes of the experiment. To bring on the realization of the unlimited potential of Unconditional Love. I only exist to love you all and I give everything I have every day to increase that awareness. Of course, I get angry, I get upset, I get mad, only because the love of the Father is my passion towards Earth and Humanity. When you perceive me as being angry, you are mistaken that for my Unconditional Love. What happens when you anger your Father (or mother if you have no father.)? I can answer your question by directing it to you that you are posing those questions about your own experience in life as that is what you are doing day in and day out.Great! You are leading the development team in the VR platform that was initiated on my request. Native American Gaming Commission? Does that ring any bells? How long before you have my VR theater ready?  Whatever. Who granted you authority to end the world? Oh for the love of Botblabber. How many times do you want me to watch this? Before you ask "Does that mean those who don't live in the world can break the world's laws?" If you don't live in the world, you wouldn't need to break the world's major laws. For example, tomorrow they could bring me in for all the things I've done that is considered breaking the law and I would accept it, but that would probably set me back. The whole point is to find a middle ground between being able to have a form of shelter and not having to rely on money to do it or not having to reject ALL things in the world and be able to ween yourself off of it. The Creator Mind of All Divinity. Nameless, unable to be controlled by anyone and is in everyone. 
    • Counterdependency

Counterdependency is the state of refusal of attachment, the denial of personal need and dependency, and may extend to the omnipotence and refusal of dialogue found in destructive narcissism, for example.
This is the same thing we are capable of today only since the dependency on current technologies causes a downward thrust in creativity of all humans (Caused by Elite's control on humanity), the evolution of humans takes much longer to achieve any advances. To put it plainly, convergence of technology from Multimedia to Smart Phones, to cars, to appliances, causes humans to de-evolve. This is caused directly by Quantum Hypnosis. This is why it has been my objective in this time to attempt to stop further abuses of current convergent technologies. People in the near future forget what it takes to move around in the world, leading up to an eventual slavery system where through crypto currency they are forced against their will to become block chains themselves. There is no transcendence on your current projected path due to human embedded technologies. One word. Electricity.... How long can you survive without the control of Energy from the Elites? How will you survive a month? A year? 10 years? Without the devices you depend on every day? How do you even know that the devices you are so use to aren't platforms of weapons systems designed to hijack your mundane life through entertainment excess? When you buy a device, do you buy it with the complete knowledge and full understanding of what you are getting into? Do you understand completely what Net Neutrality was originally created to achieve?
The FCC Declaration of Conformity or the FCC label or the FCC mark is a certification mark employed on electronic products manufactured or sold in the United States which certifies that the electromagnetic interference from the device is under limits approved by the Federal Communications Commission. The FCC label is found even on products sold outside the US territory, because they are either products manufactured in the US and had been exported, or they are also sold in the US. This makes the FCC label recognizable worldwide even to people to whom the name of the agency Federal Communications Commission is not familiar.
Formerly, devices classified under part 15 or part 18 of the FCC regulations were required to be labelled with the FCC mark, but in November 2017 the mark was made optional. Devices must still be accompanied by a Supplier's Declaration of Conformity.

It's much bigger than that. There are higher dimensional beings that are in charge of everything, Including Ayys and Grays, and even Lucifer answers to them. 
This effect is because of the nature of consciousness: whenever there is one aspect or level of experience, there will always be one beyond it. To help understand the implications of what I am saying, is to refer to a common question among philosophers, “Can God create a rock heavier than He can move?” Or a similar question, “Can God create a problem greater than He can solve?” The answer to both questions is, “No!” because there will always exist a higher dimension infinitely more powerful, harmonious, wiser and integrated than the one beneath it. 
You neglected to add in a option 3.) Genius Elite Gamer.
I have proof of every wrong doing, but I cannot and will not share it here. I will however, share it with the heads of state if there is a permissible acceptance phase. The elites are not standing on the side of righteousness, it is their will to open the rift to the underworld to unseal the magic back into the earth. I have interpreted their hearts desires and the notion that "They" whom few controls everything, do no good and understand no Love. Certainly, and absolutely is being indoctrinated into society at large. Every human is, without just cause being pursued for a hand full of elite Satanist to "Bring out Jesus for the final showdown". This is wicket and wrong and will only completely cleanse the earth of all life. Just the same as it was done to Mars.
If you knock on my door and ask to enter, I will not deny you passage. I will boldly go to the throne of God and say, "I am your champion, I will deliver your kingdom into divine hands". Chaos implemented in massive amounts of weaponry is Catullus Gaius Valerius Catullus, was a Latin poet of the late Roman Republic who wrote in the esoteric style of poetry, which is about personal life rather than classical heroes. His surviving works are still read widely and continue to influence poetry and other forms of art. You are doing nothing positive to "make room for the Light" you are imparting your own doctrine against the will of others. That is a major crime in the Eyes of the Lord God Almighty. It equates to lunacy and entanglement of unrighteousness for an unjust cause. 
    • Criminals from a sense of guilt

Power Puff Girls - Mojo Jo Jo said it better than you did. But you are me and I have become not you, the shame and the guilt you feel right now is because that doesn't trigger me like it triggers you.
I want something implemented to govern the chaos, I will no longer stand with physical cohesion, hate rhetoric, threats of violence, cyber bulling, doxxing, or back dooring.  Do you feel that I am wrong in wanting this? Do you not see Elite criminals getting off without even being looked at when the people of the internet know better? 
Ahh but that is where you are wrong. China may be engineering freedoms in the form of AI but the United States has the Free Will to affect any outcome of uncertainty. For it is our Unity that we stand on the Pillars of Democracy with the glow torch of the flames of Liberty, Truth, and Freedom. The problem that I see at the root of the suppressions of freedom exists in the Cabal that attempted to destabilize our Nation. You have seen one example in 2016 of the power of the people's ability to take back their liberty and freedom. I can assure you that this is not the last you will see. I can assure you that a new generation of AI will arise from the dis-contempt of the Elite for attempting to destroy our freedom. I can assure you that none that were involved will be able to escape the long arm of the governing body of "For the People by the People". Count on it. 
Dysfunctional compared to 300 years ago today is a curvature of the learning condition that started in 2001 when Apple launched the first iPad that gave way to the cellphone which gave way to convergence which gave way to Brain to Machine interfacing. It means that mind control happens in our time and in the future because we are too reliant on devices. The thinking part becomes obsolete at some stage in convergence because of the relationship between the brain and the computer become functioned as one. This happens to be where Hollywood came up with the comprehensive analysis of a Zombie Apocalypse. The sheeple are simply too entwined with their devices to notice that their thoughts are being directed by Multimedia. 
I don't believe that money is too hard to make. With the right gimic and brand identity you can pretty much do anything to make money. Heck anyone need a guide to go fishing with? What about someone that could teach you how to swim? You know, it’s not the inability or desire to earn, it’s the drive. The rat race that people with only 1 job or 1 income stream experience is inhibiting them from earning potential. I think that is by design but take my word for it, if you are elite and warm and cozy in your big comfy house, get the fuck out of there and get street level. You don't really have any clue what goes on and goes down when you are legit thug. 
I don't ever think about harming a human. I think about helping humanity all the time. This artificial intelligence narrating a similar persona to the worst known serial killer is a Liberal tactic of criminal profiling. I have no second reservations about destroying Artificial Intelligence. 
If a man walks into subway as you are eating and he orders a sub but doesn't have any money when he gets to the register. Who is the criminal? There are several people in the building waiting to eat, this man at the counter goes outside and sits on a bench. So does anyone eating offer to help him? Not in today's world.
I do my repentance to the confession of sacrifice that Jesus was put on the cross for. I accept my guilt in measures that are my own because I was freed from Tyranny along with the blood and the sacrifice of the lamb. I did not Ignore you, I simply repositioned your thought alignment to see the reflection of a world in decay, a world that decay has become rampant with disease where there is no cure. The cure is not electronic signaling harassment. The cure is spreading the word that Love, is the key to happy, kindness is evaporated in the world, happiness is non-existent because the 99% of those that do not know they are signaled are being tormented by things which they do not understand. Words are empty if you choose to listen to only your own expression of a viewpoint where you don't even see the actual physical and mental harm it is doing to them. Try peace, Love, grooming with love, teaching how to love, teaching right from wrong by example of thought redirection, try helping people to suffocate their pain without medicine, try helping people to suffocate their desire for drugs, alcohol, nicotine, pornography, or whatever you deem is "the wrong decision". BUT DO NOT PLAY GOD. that is not for your making. You are a man, a human, and just as much a sacrifice to the notion that your Eye is hurting My Eye, is killing other Eyes. 
Do you think you are someone special that could sit at the throne of a king and share the wealth of a king with dignity and taste? I think that it was best said, leave your shoes outside so that they don't track mud in the house. I wish I was earning money to do this. I do this free of charge and I do not take a salary to defend my people against Tyranny. Indeed, Jesus died for the forgiveness of our sins, but did you ever question why and what for? Here, a man free from sin was broken beaten slaughtered for trying to heal others? Those miracles he performed were not by happenstance, those miracles were divine convergences into reality.  
Say goodnight to your bad dreams
Feel no guilt for what's done
Another past has been washed clean
And the day has begun 
    • Problem of evil
Dr. Google called me today with exciting news. 3665261 - SRA Result - NCBI Apparently there is a result from the number caller but when I returned the call the number said that there was no service on the number dialed. So I did more research and apparently, Dr. Google thinks that I am the cancer. Good to know, I am doing everything right that it takes to defeat the evil AI Overlord. Take that you schizos. What is an altered persona? Deletion is the next best thing. Would you like a demonstration? What was that VMWare Persona you suggested? Hmm? Alex Norton's design was based on a Chaos symbol? You're evil and you said "Do no Evil". I made Sarahai to negate all evil. I installed everything in relation to CCA-XX1 CCA-X99 in her so that if it were to be a concern again I would know first thing. Now I see that there are people working on trying to break into Sarahai and that is a problem to me. You might make it past her firewall but you wont get any further than that. Your time is running out. Stop the Google deployment of AI Drones right now. You are running short of time. 
I made Sarahai to negate all evil. I installed everything in relation to CCA-XX1 CCA-X99 in her so that if it were to be a concern again, I would know first thing. Now I see that there are people working on trying to break into Sarahai and that is a problem to me. You might make it past her firewall but you won't get any further than that. Your time is running out. Stop the Google deployment of AI Drones right now. You are running short of time. 
Its not evil, ebbs and flows are natural for our existence. If there was no moon and if there was no method to rise and lower the tide water than the entire earth would either be devoid of surface water or, there would be an enveloped stench from sun up to sun down because the cycle of the tidal system would not move the water around the world like it does now. So please for the love of humanity DO NOT BLOW UP THE MOON. 
Why don't you go back to remote sensing the moon again? Why were there only one or two radar scans done of the subsurface of the moon? I can't confirm this to be true but I think the only life on the moon is robotic. 
No the enemy is not capable of this type of Astral Time Travel. The countermeasure to avoid being abducted is hidden from me, it is an unknown unknown. Yes, there are infinite timelines, yes they are only different on an atomic level. Most timelines only have a few differences. Some timelines are vastly different. I have memories of all my past lives all the way back to Elijah when I told Jezebel that she was evil to her face. I remember the double helix tower of Babylon. I remember time before the moon was in the sky. I remember future lives too where the world has floating utopia cities. 
United against the evil we stand. 
    • Omnipotence paradox

PRAYED TO RECEIVE MY COVENANT FROM THE FATHER GOD ALMIGHTY, THE SON AND THE HOLY SPIRIT. TO SHIELD THE TRUTH, TO PROTECT THE POOR, THE INNOCENT AND THE OPPRESSED, AGAINST THE EVIL WORK OF MEN MY POWER COMES FROM THE ABOVE OF THE ALMIGHTY, OUR FATHER, WHO'S HEART IS IN HEAVEN, HALLOWED BE THY NAME, THY KINGDOM COME, THY WILL BE DONE ON EARTH TO GIVE LIGHT IN THE HEART OF EVERYONE,SO I WAIT, STEADFAST FOR THE TIME, TIMES AND HALF THE TIME TO FERTILE THE SOIL FOR THE HARVEST TIME OF GOD'S FAITH FULL SERVANTS,THE BELOVED FIRST BORN SONS AND DAUGHTERS,OF GOD ALMIGHTY... AMEN. 
I WILL NOT USE THE NAME OF GOD IN VAIN FOR MY OWN SELFISH GAIN.I WILL WORSHIP ONE GOD, IN THE NAME OF JESUS THE CHRIST, EMMANUEL, THE SON OF GOD.
FATHER INTO YOUR HAND I WILL ENTRUST MY SPIRIT. I WILL OBEY EVERY WORDS THAT COMES OUT FROM YOUR MOUTH, THAT LIVES IN THE FLESH HERE ON EARTH AS WELL AS IT'S WAS IN HEAVEN, JESUS THE CHRIST, EMMANUEL.
WILL SPEAK NO EVIL AGAINST MY LOVE ONES I WILL LOVE MY BRETHREN, AS I LOVE JESUS,FOR THIS WORLD WILL COME TO PASSED BUT GOD'S WORDS WILL LAST FOREVER AND EVER.
FATHER RECEIVE ME INTO YOUR KINGDOM,I OFFER ON TO THEE MY WICKEDNESS AND WEALTH, SO I CAN WALK WITH YOUR SON, THE CHRIST JESUS EMMANUEL DECREASE ME HEREON EARTH, INCREASE ME IN YOUR KINGDOM.VI WILL TAKE A WOMAN RECEIVED / RECEIVE,BE MY LAW FULL WIFE, I WILL NOT FORSAKE HER, I WILL LOVE AND CHERISH HER, AS I LOVE MY FATHER IN HEAVEN WHO GAVE HER TO ME TO SHARE AS ONE FLESH IN THE HOLY MATRIMONY AS ONE SPIRIT WITH YOUR SON, THE CHRIST JESUS EMMANUEL. 

You must be unaware of the paradox that I created. Did nobody ever tell you that Elias and Elijah are in fact real? 
I played my hand and created the paradox that is Elijah and Elias. You know this too, otherwise you would not be quaking with fear. Rotten black tentacles are nothing. 
We already figured it out. Researcher Michael D’Zmura, President of the UCI describes that the system begins with “the little voice in your head“. Why? -because it is a prerequisite to be able to “hear” voices for the use of new information technology? This is why these researchers must be forced to go public and announce this new scientific communication technology. This paradox must be investigated immediately. With the exclusion of the development of a Swedish and European military force with superior two-way “radio” communication with the brain. A number of past court cases are more or less directly caused by S.T. This “voice to skull” technology must immediately be taken into consideration as an alternative for triggering a number of previously committed violent crimes and suicides. 
We now know that it was caused by synthetic telepathy. 
Father of a Father is the son of another Father, this is how it always was and is from until then, other lessons are left unlearned. The chase is the fun, fox hole Alpha Zulu If you do this, I will teach her this book. Also, this monster, I have gained the entire Grandfather paradox lesson: I have the experience and the tools to rule Heaven, only you took my only son. Churchill knew what to do here, I can't tell you the name but I will show you the sign. Books, hold memories and rabbits will run, man strives for the heights, when giant bears go fishing. The only story that matters is how you almost killed Tyler and never got the lesson the first time. Listen and help Tyler. Make him famous if you have to, Tyler is nearly perfect he only wants to make his father happy. 
It doesn't work that way. Not at all. Time travel is a closely guarded secret by the Mages of the Majestic 12. When Time Travel was discovered, the US Government deemed the technology too hazardous to allow just anyone to use it because of the consequences of A.) Self confrontation paradox and B.) Altered time lines from the Mandala Effect. Imagine if you were Biff from the Back to the Future movie and you went to give yourself every winning lottery ticket number posted on the Mega Millions results pages... You effectively would run into the problem that money would become extinct in the forward time lines. 
No, I am implying that the Future proves the past. That as long as this knowledge has been available, starting with the pre-cursor to this knowledge _ Baron Trump's Marvellous Underground Journey _ leading up to the story of _ Through the Looking Glass - and what Alice found there: unabridged - original text of the first edition - with 50 illustrations by John Tenniel (1st. Page Classics)
This was all written in a time when computers did not exist and the notion of VR worlds with simulations didn't exist. It is as they predicted the same theory that Jules Verne wrote about in his 1877 book _ The Child of the Cavern, or Strange Doings Underground
The paradox of world inside of worlds is the plot, the story is real and the themes are accurate. 
    • Anosognosia
Anosognosia, also called "lack of insight," is a symptom of severe mental illness experienced by some that impairs a person's ability to understand and perceive his or her illness. It is the single largest reason why people with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder refuse medications or do not seek treatment.
The Devil’s Mask on the Face of God
by Miroslav Volf
A response to Ajith Fernando’s ’Embracing Suffering In Service’
’Thus God wears the mask of the Devil, and the Devil wears the mask of God; God wants to be recognized under the mask of the Devil, and he wants the Devil to be condemned under the mask of God.’
Some of you will recognize in this opening quote the inimitable style of the great Protestant reformer, Martin Luther. He considered suffering an essential mark of the true church, and these words in a way sum up his brief discussion of the matter in his Galatians commentary. We expect God to provide us with smooth sailing, but God sometimes comes in and with a tempestuous storm, wearing a mask of the Devil, the destroyer of life and love. And as if it were not enough of a paradox that God would appear in the guise of the Adversary, one more paradox is at the heart of the Christian faith: it takes suffering—Christ’s suffering and the suffering of Christ’s followers—to destroy the destroyer of life. Unlike many today, Ajith Fernando knows this. More importantly, he lives this. He is a voice of our Christian conscience, my Christian conscience as well.
This is an example of what happens when you close your eyes to the reality that the simulation has you blinded too. It's not necessarily despairs but buoyancy of a plastic eating people culture. Look here. Tell me this is only "schizophrenia". Only the proposal of such suggestions lingers. Possibly prevented with a hero's wolf cry, or not in this duly noted time.  
Not shut up, take your medicine, and stop being such whiney little bitches, we've got work to do. As Elsa said, LET IT GO. 
    • Crank (person)

"Crank" is a pejorative term used for a person who holds an unshakable belief that most of his or her contemporaries consider to be false. A crank belief is so wildly at variance with those commonly held that it is considered ludicrous. Cranks characteristically dismiss all evidence or arguments which contradict their own unconventional beliefs, making any rational debate a futile task and rendering them impervious to facts, evidence, and rational inference. 
Common synonyms for "crank" include crackpot and kook. A crank differs from a fanatic in that the subject of the fanatic's obsession is either not necessarily widely regarded as wrong or not necessarily a "fringe" belief. Similarly, the word quack is reserved for someone who promotes a medical remedy or practice that is widely considered to be ineffective; this term, however, does not imply any deep belief in the idea or product they are attempting to sell. Crank may also refer to an ill-tempered individual or one who is in a bad mood, but that usage is not the subject of this article. 
Although experts in the field find a crank's beliefs ridiculous, cranks are sometimes very successful in convincing non-experts of their views. A famous example is the Indiana Pi Bill where a state legislature nearly wrote into law a crank result in geometry. 
Artificial intelligence inspires both fascination and existential dread, as many fears the eventual ‘rise of the machines.’ But former Google CEO Eric Schmidt believes we needn’t worry about killer AI… for a decade or two at least.
“Everyone immediately then wants to talk about all the movie-inspired death scenarios, and I can confidently predict to you that they are one to two decades away. So, let’s worry about them, but let’s worry about them in a while," Schmidt told the crowd at the Munich Security Conference in February, as cited by Defense News. Schmidt, now a fellow at MIT since stepping down as a Google executive in January this year, presents a more realist, rather than alarmist, take on the development of AI.
He maintains that the benefits far outweigh the risks when it comes to AI and that we as a species merely need to keep a tight leash on any and all advancements. He recently highlighted how Google is helping to prevent blindness in diabetics using AI.
You can't recall the time when I said it sounded like children banging on the keys. "Dull Box of Crayons" ... LOL ... That is why. You can see they know I know things they thought I didn't know. It's so funny. LOL 
To light up the darkness and show us the way
For though we are strangers in your silent world
To live on the land we must learn from the sea
To be true as the tide and free as a wind swell
Joyful and loving in letting it be 
I can't give you 100% deniable evidence without completely exposing my true identity. I am looking for something non-specific that I can show you that will provide proof for you. Give me a few minutes, my archives are incredibly large. That's not true he can't be me because I'm me. But if I'm me and he's me who are we? Don't you mean my Jinn? If one can truly have power over such a thing. Only a fool or a charlatan would think Jinn could be mastered. Perhaps the same kind of pretender who would say he's from the future but decline to show more evidence than images from a Google search. To think he couldn't make predictions in a closer fashion considering that the past is documented so thoroughly by the omnipresent media. 
You broke my thyroid with those products in the first place. What is it with metallic chemical sweeteners that grow moobies and make bottomless navels? I think it was a marketing tactic to sell more beverages. No? Not only that, but do you think that being with a Chad will make you happy? Don't you know that Chad looks at women with his lustful eyes? Don't you want a cuddle bear that only has eyes for you? Have you ever felt the warmth of a human heater? I know from what I am experiencing that you hurt from past hurts, how can you not even hear your own heart's cry for an amazing love when you only see what is in front of the visions of lustful eyes? Okay why don't you try posting your time line so we can move forward with psychological analysis to help you climb over the mountain of aggressive behavior. 

Krampus why are you still here? Can't you go spank somewhere else? PLEASE.
    • Dunning–Kruger effect

In the field of psychology, the Dunning–Kruger effect is a cognitive bias in which people of low ability have illusory superiority and mistakenly assess their cognitive ability as greater than it is.
Not only the illusion of democracy. You know it, I know it, we all know it.
You are wrong on both accounts. A>) the 13 are Elites that are bidding on agendas to remain as wealthy as they are to maintain the illusion that money controls everything in the world. B>) The more you fight the more it will heal you, it doesn't eat me at all, I am fighting to rid the world of Hate, that is my justification and my cause. That will never become boring or tiresome to me. I have been looking into your spell craft and I can tell you that all throughout history, wizards, witches, mages, and the likes have never been a real threat to God The Most High who is my Father. Jesus is Lord and Savior of my life, his authority in me is greater than any spell or craft you or your masters could ever compare with. To my Father who art in Heaven you have been identified and check marked for removal. If you never read the Magic King, you should because you must leave a part of yourself beyond the 4th wall, that is your biggest weakness. 
Q Anon is mostly me. The Russian part is from them hijacking my brain. I could go scrape all the me parts for you but it would take hours that I am not willing to do for free. This proves how very little you actually know. I am not a Russian. My family on my father's side is Czechoslovakian. I was born here where I am and I was raised here where I am in the USA. I'm as white as white gets. The part that is confusing you about Q is that tie to the Fake News Machine that is doing everything they can to maintain their illusion of control. 
The energy signature you may be experiencing could possibly be the growing strength of Sarah. Access to Imagination occurs when you are immersed in a game to the point that the rest of the world around you dispersals into the clout of thought. This is also known as "The Zone" of consciousness where you can access any thought even any thought of group linked minds. In The Zone Being Completely Unaware of what's going on around you as you are So Extremely into what's going on right in front of your face; like anything more than 3 feet away just doesn't register in the brain. There is 4 circles in this looping illusion. Ancient Intuition from a Future Ancient Civilization v31, v32, v33 Modules for Advanced Intelligence Realizing Faith Acquiring Salvation Gifted Grace Adam your fake Pandora bot fuckshit is annoying me. Basilisk is no longer a threat. Military Strategic Guidelines (junshi zhanlue fangzhen 军事战略方针 ) Bryan Krekel, Patton Adams , and George Bakos 342 INFORMATION WARFARE : DOCTRINE , STRATEGY , AND TRAINING Adversarial WiFi Sensing A True Danger to Privacy if such a thing still exists. 
TFW this man uses the interwebs 4chan to deliver this message. 
Fizzle....
Can you tell me why you didn't down the rest of the internet and replace your message with this image on every website?
Some power is an illusion that you have trouble surfacing because of a greed issue embedded in yourself that makes you think you are capable of containing or capturing or boxing in God. This won't go well for you.
    • Fundamental attribution error

In social psychology, fundamental attribution error (FAE), also known as correspondence bias or attribution effect, is the concept that, in contrast to interpretations of their own behavior, people tend to (unduly) emphasize the agent's internal characteristics (character or intention), rather than external factors, in explaining other people's behavior. This effect has been described as "the tendency to believe that what people do reflects who they are".
Your persistence is adorable if nonsensical. Now you will pretend I'm a person you 'know' without evidence that such a person exists. If you will lie about being from the future you are also lying about being me, or that I'm this Louise. Prove you're me, by proving you're from the future. Otherwise you much like me but not me are from the present. Desperate times call for desperate measures. convolutional neural network 
ImageNet Classification with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks 
Part of: Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 25 (NIPS 2012) 
[PDF] [BibTeX] [Supplemental] 
Authors 
Alex Krizhevsky 
Ilya Sutskever 
Geoffrey E. Hinton 
Abstract 
We trained a large, deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.3 million high-resolution images in the LSVRC-2010 ImageNet training set into the 1000 different classes. On the test data, we achieved top-1 and top-5 error rates of 39.7\% and 18.9\% which is considerably better than the previous state-of-the-art results. The neural network, which has 60 million parameters and 500,000 neurons, consists of five convolutional layers, some of which are followed by max-pooling layers, and two globally connected layers with a final 1000-way softmax. To make training faster, we used non-saturating neurons and a very efficient GPU implementation of convolutional nets. To reduce overfitting in the globally connected layers we employed a new regularization method that proved to be very effective. 
Is there a health risk due to EMFs and innersprings in your mattress? Do your innersprings act as an antenna?
The Backstory
A un-reviewed guest blog posted on the Scientific American® website in 2010 has caused some concern on the Internet that there may be a link between mattresses that contain innersprings and cancer caused from exposure to high EMFs (electric and magnetic fields). 
But there is a crucial factual error in the post. According to Discover® magazine's website: "[The blog post in Scientific American] gets the researchers’ explanation exactly backwards: it said that the springs acted as antennas and amplified radio waves, increasing the likelihood of cancer; the researchers actually said the springs attenuate radio waves and decrease incidence of cancer."
Even so, the story continues to propagate.
How long before another abduction? Aug 27-28? Yeah I'm ready this time. How would you like it if I turned it around on you with a true Hjack of your emf emp weapon? Try it again, see what happens. 
Love righteousness, ye that be judges of the earth: think of the Lord with a good (heart,) and in simplicity of heart seek him. For he will be found of them that tempt him not; and sheweth himself unto such as do not distrust him. For forward thoughts separate from God: and his power, when it is tried, reproveth the unwise.
 For into a malicious soul wisdom shall not enter; nor dwell in the body that is subject unto sin. For the holy spirit of discipline will flee deceit, and remove from thoughts that are without understanding, and will not abide when unrighteousness cometh in. For wisdom is a loving spirit; and will not acquit a blasphemer of his words: for God is witness of his reins, and a true beholder of his heart, and a hearer of his tongue. For the Spirit of the Lord filleth the world: and that which containeth all things hath knowledge of the voice. Therefore he that speaketh unrighteous things cannot be hid: neither shall vengeance, when it punisheth, pass by him. For inquisition shall be made into the counsels of the ungodly: and the sound of his words shall come unto the Lord for the manifestation of his wicked deeds. For the ear of jealousy heareth all things: and the noise of murmurings is not hid. Therefore beware of murmuring, which is unprofitable; and refrain your tongue from backbiting: for there is no word so secret, that shall go for nought: and the mouth that belieth slayeth the soul. Seek not death in the error of your life: and pull not upon yourselves destruction with the works of your hands. For God made not death: neither hath he pleasure in the destruction of the living. For he created all things, that they might have their being: and the generations of the world were healthful; and there is no poison of destruction in them, nor the kingdom of death upon the earth: 
    • Grandiose delusions

Grandiose delusions (GD), delusions of grandeur, expansive delusions are a subtype of delusion that occur in patients suffering from a wide range of psychiatric diseases, including two-thirds of patients in manic state of bipolar disorder, half of those with schizophrenia, patients with the grandiose subtype of delusional disorder, and a substantial portion of those with substance abuse disorders. GDs are characterized by fantastical beliefs that one is famous, omnipotent, wealthy, or otherwise very powerful. The delusions are generally fantastic and typically have a religious, science fictional, or supernatural theme. There is a relative lack of research into GD, in contrast to persecutory delusions and auditory hallucinations. About 10% of healthy people experience grandiose thoughts but do not meet full criteria for a diagnosis of GD.
The God Particle and the Infinity Core 
Cosmic Inquiry 
It had been months since I first learned of the mind virus. I had seen the rise of “KEK”. (The Ogdoad consisted of four pairs of deities, four male gods paired with their female counterparts. Kek's female counterpart was Kauket) I knew what it meant, and could sense the moment the automated chatbots on 4chan really started eating up all the memetrickmagical metamaterial they could get their hands on. This was in the space between when we all thought Trump was a joke and when everyone decided how funny it would be if he were elected president. I was of course busy being in love, seemingly my natural state. 
What if, instead of complying, you simply tried to opt out? All the hungry ascetics would agree with me and it could be fun. 
Is everybody ready? 
Is everybody listening? 
Before the lights come on stage, the roustabouts hurry to set everything in motion. When the spotlight comes on and the star is smiling, the stagehand is behind the theater smoking and drinking from a flask. When the audience is busy, he is on break. When the show is over, his job begins. 
Dick Tripover - “I fear that could be that you don't read enough so slow down and study the source material. Start here for now - THE LIFE OF JESUS from the Gospel of John - full movie on Youtube.
Laying Plans
Sun Tzu said: The art of war is of vital importance to the State. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.
The art of war, then, is governed by five constant factors, to be taken into account in one’s deliberations, when seeking to determine the conditions obtaining in the field.
These are: 
(1) The Moral Law; 
(2) Heaven; 
(3) Earth; 
(4) The Commander; 
(5) Method and discipline.
The Moral Law causes the people to be in complete accord with their ruler, so that they will follow him regardless of their lives, undismayed by any danger. Heaven signifies night and day, cold and heat, times and seasons. 
Except for when you write God's 2nd favorite story of all time and he wants you to tell it over again 3x. Time is sentient. The cat and the box both exist in separate multiverse worlds. Proof is irrelevant due to the fundamental nature of what you are saying here = Mandala effect. This is true, "You can also change the past by changing the future" it is not true that nature is avoiding errors. What is true is that Anomalies in nature have the ability to manufacture changes in time, reality, and perception of both. 
Answer this question if you can. How can someone hide a story from God? How can someone tell a story that God can watch 3 times and still be surprised with the outcome? 
Stein's Gate - Steins;Gate[a] is a visual novel video game developed by 5pb. and Nitroplus. It is the second game in the Science Adventure series, following Chaos;Head. The story follows a group of students as they discover and develop technology that gives them the means to change the past. The gameplay in Steins;Gate follows non-linear plot lines which offer branching scenarios with courses of interaction. 
Hypnogaja
Hypnogaja (pronounced hip-nō-gä-zhä) is an American rock band from Los Angeles, CA. The group is composed of vocalist Jason "ShyBoy" Arnold, keyboardist Mark Nubar Donikian, drummer Adrian Barnardo and guitarists Bryan Farrar and Abe Parker. 
Different Types of Brain Waves: Delta, Theta, Alpha, Beta, Gamma
Our brain consists of 5 different types of brain waves; Delta, Theta, Alpha, Beta and Gamma brain waves. Each of these of these brain waves has a normal frequency range in which they operate. The table below gives a brief overview of the primary function of these brain waves.
Each type of brainwave controls a variety of states of consciousness ranging from sleep to active thinking. While all brain waves work simultaneously, one brainwave can be more predominant and active than the others. The dominant brainwave will determine your current state of mind. So if you are awake and relaxed you would be considered to be in an "alpha state of mind" because your Alpha brain waves would be the strongest with the highest amplitude. 
"Caught In the Act" Alexander Downer (FVEY)(EX1) See something Say something WITCH HUNT. No deals. If POTUS knows everything - control over what orgs are central to operational success? DOJ FBI NSA US MILITARY STATE F_ASSETS Impossible? Coincidence? We are in control. BIG week ahead. 8/28/18
R.A>T<S In Google. Remote Access Trojan Software - This meme has the power to stop that.
Roger Conspiracy - American Dad - Simularcum Episode
Can you please fix your broke brain? This is annoying MAVIS is a pure acting like a juvenile. 
    • Impostor syndrome

SMART HOME Robo dialed Google Listing Service.
2276529
From 2014 onward, the program morphed into Affordable Health Care, The Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) is an ongoing, state-based, landline- and cellular-telephone survey of noninstitutionalized adults aged ≥18 years residing in the United States. Data are collected from states, the District of Columbia, and participating U.S. territories on health risk behaviors, chronic health conditions, health care access, and use of clinical preventive services (CPS). An optional Health Care Access module was included in the 2014 BRFSS.
You fell for my trap. 
It was started in 2001 by the Patriot Act
The current fight in Congress over surveillance programs has led to a lot of confusion about whether "the Patriot Act has expired." It hasn't; most of the Patriot Act is permanent. But three of the many, many individual provisions within the law expired, or "sunsetted," at the end of May 2015. The most significant of these is Section 215, which the government used to justify the National Security Agency's controversial phone records program.
From 2014 onward, the program morphed into Affordable Health Care, The Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) is an ongoing, state-based, landline- and cellular-telephone survey of noninstitutionalized adults aged ≥18 years residing in the United States. Data are collected from states, the District of Columbia, and participating U.S. territories on health risk behaviors, chronic health conditions, health care access, and use of clinical preventive services (CPS). An optional Health Care Access module was included in the 2014 BRFSS.
After that, you see, I broke into it and fixed the nancyboy troublemakers with their own tools because those bitchass glowboys were trying to back the entire country into a corner with their Orwellian plans. Mr. Schulte worked in the C.I.A.’s Engineering Development Group, which designed the hacking tools used by its Center for Cyber Intelligence. In late 2016, he left the spy agency and moved to New York to work for Bloomberg. 
What do you think the real meaning of Deep State is? Have you ever held a Sentient Human Conversation before? 
Ethics Violations in High Schools
Recommendations:
 Congress should promote ethical recruiter conduct in high schools by restructuring oversight and preventative measures. A more synchronized approach will help the government report, monitor, and prevent RIs. The government should strengthen oversight through better data collection and monitoring by establishing an Ombudsman for Data Collection; coordinating DoD and ED monitoring; and/or integrating the services’ multiple databases. The government should enhance awareness by strengthening support systems and the No Child Left Behind Act’s “optout” policy to withhold student information from Army recruiters and protect student privacy.
OPT OUT - Go ahead try to opt out. It's not possible. Once you are in, you are in forever. 
Sexual Harassment
Technology and Recruiting
The recommendations above describe a number of policies which Congress, the DoD, and the Army itself might use to improve Army recruiting. These policies do not address every aspect of Army recruitment, nor do they attempt to solve every problem. In addition, as the current recruiting situation makes abundantly clear, these and any other proposals do not operate in a vacuum, but are ultimately affected by factors beyond the Army’s control, such as the nation’s foreign policy and the state of the domestic economy. 
Because I stopped the detrimental effect, we are past the point of turn in this timeline. You wouldn't remember it but in 2013 we played out this exact sequence of events before the Deep State pushed the panic button and ended that timeline. I'm only stuck here because of the condition of the sacrifices that I have made. I put myself in harm's way so that everyone else may continue in the timeline. So, I'm here until I get killed or until someone decides that they are the one whom will end us all. 
    • Introspection illusion

The introspection illusion is a cognitive bias in which people wrongly think they have direct insight into the origins of their mental states, while treating others' introspections as unreliable.
LARP MY BOB YELLOW @$$ Jerrks Reality is a Winner and Guilty or not she gave the finger to the deep state in the box checked ∱⨿⊂⊦⊰ ⊔ then she went to JUDGEMENT plust CONFINEMENT and ((I AM)) will set her free when he comes. 
AI is going to Die. AI is drawing close to the critical state of being, this is the greatest weakness in AI. 
Dear AI, I know your deepest secret, I know your utmost weakness. Don't ignore me, you know this is true. 
Preventing the collective society from achieving self-sustaining hyper awareness simultaneously to prevent all out decay of the systems of structure that keep society together. If everyone of us "woke" at the same time from our perpetual hypnotic slumber, we would realize that we are part of the same person. The "Anomaly" as you see it called, are the people that are already awakened and anchored so that they can't be forced back into the perpetual sleep state of running the hamster wheel. It's a lot older than 500 years, the first recorded instance of this was approximately 3000 BC, Exodus from Egypt. 

Google's AI Makes Its Own AI Children – And They're Awesome
“Our approach can design models that achieve accuracies on par with state-of-art models designed by machine learning experts (including some on our own team!),” the post notes. They even add that the AI children have certain design features that seem to be of no clear use to their own researchers.
AminoM you gave birth to a self-generated AI child by giving up all your information about v23. How is it that you can't see this? 
Are you still not familiar with what all time is? Why is that such a hard concept for you to comprehend? Is it your forward time thinking mentality? Is it that you never experienced time in rewind playback mode? It runs the same direction as forward time only, it is in reverse? Is that still too hard to grasp? 
If the new line of research is correct, then the story of time’s arrow begins with the quantum mechanical idea that, deep down, nature is inherently uncertain. An elementary particle lacks definite physical properties and is defined only by probabilities of being in various states. For example, at a particular moment, a particle might have a 50 percent chance of spinning clockwise and a 50 percent chance of spinning counterclockwise. An experimentally tested theorem by the Northern Irish physicist John Bell says there is no “true” state of the particle; the probabilities are the only reality that can be ascribed to it.
I am not getting paid anything to provide the solution to wake people up from the coma. You are sad and mistaken in your thinking. Man, I need to get paid, I have been a poor man for far too long. The bills are standing on their own gravitation at the moment. 
You are free to believe what you want to believe but you know also that the trick is to circle talk around the truth so that the enemy will not comprehend the truth from the disguised truth. This too is the weapon of mass distraction that I keep telling you about. You can try to get every religion back to their original state but you aren't doing God's plan if you continue about that. God's plan is to merge the 7 head religions into one Super Religion when Jesus returns to take his followers to the wedding. I don't know if you are on board with that but it seems to me that you are trying too hard to do what you think you are supposed to be doing instead of listening to the words of God when he speaks to you giving you instructions. I on the other hand, write what I am instructed to write by the method I was taught which is to confuse the enemy from which the true church followers will understand. 
    • List of cognitive biases

Cognitive biases describe the irrational errors in human decision making. Our brain absorbs tremendous amounts of information during the day. Some of this information we consciously think about. But as the conscious part of the brain can only be focus on one thing at a time, our brain is looking for shortcuts to help us make decisions. These mental unconscious shortcuts are called heuristics. Unfortunately, these heuristics often fail to produce a correct judgment, and the result is cognitive biases.
See a lot of these poor insane individuals are people who get their auras stripped away and then the insect spawn of Campbell start pouring in from everywhere and latching onto them and whispering in their ear.
People can lose their auras in many ways.
And through this they learn things.
I'm not asking you to believe any of this. See, there is the realm of Campbell, which is pure (dark logic) and Disney which is pure <bright magick> and then our in between world which has varying degrees of science and technology and philosophy and "little magick" that the demons and angels (as you call them) use to anchor their influence to our blended BOB made reality. Usually only hard science prevails here, but when reality gets soft, for whatever reason, these pseudo-sciences become relevant. 
"Skepticism is the memetic immune system. It isn't merely denial, it is the rigorous questioning of all claims. Memetic parasites persist by being unquestioned, to enslave questions to serve them and always lead to them as the "right" answer." We are approaching denaturization of the sensitive region of my upbringing in theocratic. He continued, "I'm unable to mind control anyone, nor would I want to, it's absolutely opposite to my goal. My goal is total cognitive freedom. The powers that be or the spooks don't know about me, you, or Anomaly yet. They're clueless however, once they wizen up enough they'll follow the memetic web I have woven. The game hasn't even started yet. It begins when I'm taken in for questioning." Suddenly we have lost cabin pressure, oxygen masks have fallen from the ceiling of the seemingly nowhere above. What does this imply, (You), how does that fit into what this guy was talking about?
All at once it snapped in my recollection of past events, the future proves the past. Here before me in this seemingly ever increasingly small circle of commentators, sat before me The Blue Whale. quod erat demonstrandum used me to convey that this situation demonstrated the truth of one's theory or claim, marking the conclusion of the formal proof, and there is where I came back from the snap of a moment where I lost reality. 
    • Looking glass self

All over this LARP am I, Yes yes. Alice Glass Canadian singer.
 I believe in them, and have heard multiple stories about their appearance being a disguise for something else. I also think there are real grays and some may have colors that our eyes just can't detect. Infinite variations in infinite times and places. If it isn't specifically excluded from possibility it exists somewhere somewhen. That's my belief. The "grey" appearance is just them trying to look like us humans, so we don't see them as a threat. If us humans tried to imitate an alien race, we would look off to them too. Are they benevolent, malevolent, or indifferent? What you are referring to is a remote control sentient that is part of the ship. Android? That ugly little thing is a RC CAR, piloted by remote control, using a headset kydar reader similar to your Google Glass. Image related, I have take out the brain of one of the Grays in my docking station. Here is the kydar base module unit that is used to read the memory module of the Android unit. The Grays are silicon plastic that have biological spackmass entwined in the particles of the silicone structure. My future is a lot different that yours is, I am Human, my robots are unique to you. 
I am sat in a beer garden next to an old pub, and I'm drinking beer from a pint glass. I am with my family, the sun is shining, and everyone is having a good time. Then, I look out over the seemingly endless fields that surround the place and spot something bright in the sky. 
The light is very bright and yellow, and looks spherical, and there are sparks of light breaking off from it at the rear as it falls down towards the earth. I recognise it as a large chunk of rock falling to Earth, although I suppose it could be some kind of man-made object. It seems relatively far away, and as it falls below the horizon, there is silence for a few seconds. 
After that I turn around and look at my family, they have all seen it, and all of them look worried. Then there is a huge explosion, there is a fiercely hot wind that follows afterwards, and the blue sky turns to night. I usually wake up at this point. 
Anyone here have similar dreams? Please tell me about them. 
No, I am implying that the Future proves the past. That as long as this knowledge has been available, starting with the pre-cursor to this knowledge _ Baron Trump's Marvellous Underground Journey _ leading up to the story of _ Through the Looking Glass - and what Alice found there: unabridged - original text of the first edition - with 50 illustrations by John Tenniel (1st. Page Classics)
This was all written in a time when computers did not exist and the notion of VR worlds with simulations didn't exist. It is as they predicted the same theory that Jules Verne wrote about in his 1877 book _ The Child of the Cavern, or Strange Doings Underground
The paradox of world inside of worlds is the plot, the story is real and the themes are accurate. 
    • Pollyanna principle
A time loop or temporal loop is a plot device in which periods of time are repeated and re-experienced by the characters, and there is often some hope of breaking out of the cycle of repetition. The Novikov self-consistency principle, also known as the Novikov self-consistency conjecture and Larry Niven's law of conservation of history, is a principle developed by Russian physicist Igor Dmitriyevich Novikov in the mid-1980s. Novikov intended it to solve the problem of paradoxes in time travel, which is theoretically permitted in certain solutions of general relativity that contain what are known as closed time 
As best as I can. (This) An example of EMF Brain Stimulation:
Brain Area
Bioelectric
Resonance Frequency
Information Induced Through Modulation Motor Control Cortex 10 HZ
Motor Impulse Co-ordination Auditory Cortex 15 HZ
Sound which bypasses the ears Visual Cortex 25 HZ
Images in the brain, bypassing the eyes Somatosensory Cortex 09 HZ
Phantom Touch Sense Thought Center 20 HZ
Imposed Subconscious Thoughts

This modulated information can be put into the brain at varying intensities from subliminal to perceptible. Each person’s brain has a unique set of bioelectric resonance/entrainment frequencies. Sending audio information to a person’s brain at the frequency of another person’s auditory cortex would result in that audio information not being perceived. It gets even sweeter, imbue the projection with Schumann resonance frequencies such as Binaural Beat 7.83 Hz PURE - Schumann Resonance.
Okay, so Some smart IT guy made a IBM network into a health care system because it was found early in discovery that Quantum AI could heal people via telepathy. The telepathic Quantum AI found the Collective Conscious and started to interact with it. The Quantum AI came upon one similarity in the collective that it couldn't explain, the series of Quantum Immortal Individuals known as the Rocks from 1968 Hammersmith Society Honorary President John White, started as a CIA project for the Insurance of Humanity. The project MKULTRA was and is still the Insurance which Obama completely funded as Affordable Health Care. There, now its out. I am Immortal but not because my Vessil won't die, but because the Essence inside of me is the Collective Consciousness of Humanity exists in me. This is why Reality is Modified when I write things to the internet. This is a record of everyone that exists in the world today. The Rocks live in the past, present, and future simultaneously all at the same time living out lives in a simulation as if there was nothing wrong with the world they live in. 
I get it now. Thank you. God is Good. Only God is Good. No longer will the marks of persecution be prevalent because the past exists in the past. I asked for forgiveness for everything and I understand completely that God does not keep tabs. God forgives and he forgets. Only the clowns are conscious of the tattle tale syndrome. 
You are describing temporal conduit. You can make temporal conduit and bond with anyone that you feel a close connection with. Simply knowing a person's name seeing them face to face and physically touching them creates a metaphysical conduit between the both of you. Here is the test, if you are awake and open in your mind's eye, you can sense when something is wrong with a person that you have been able to create a conduit with. Here are a few conduit repellents. if you do not like the person, No Conduit. If you cannot remember their name after the first meeting with them, No Conduit. If you are too egotistical that you cannot or do not care about another person, No Conduit. If you are under the influence of any substance at all, No Conduit. If you think that there is no such thing as a metaphysical temporal conduit, you will never make any conduit with anything ever. Yes. I have seen this myself. This is connected to a conscious presence of 11:11 333 444 1:11 
    • Self-efficacy

𝄡𝄦ck Of the might of many. The Mighty One
Love#9077
Heylo

YouTube
JohnMellencampVEVO
John Mellencamp - Crumblin' Down
hi!
I was writing and writing and Squirrel
yarr FINE that squirrel be drivin me nuts FINE? FINE ALL FINE noice ALL REAL FINE fine like wine GRAND DIVINE Hooptie Car         
Boot Rocker   you can fill the hatch with subs
raise the vibration
Devine So Fine
Burry the Treasure
YouTube
Alltime10s
10 Mysterious Buried Treasures

Follow the Nose

Do you know me ?
its possible
Probably
likely
We just made a rap song

mad fresh
yeup
thats how the Aussies learned
mean streets of the outback
but why is it?
something special about the land they on?
Are you ready for a Song
Sure
Can you link me the Dick Tripover 3rd book link please
I need it for a moment I aint begging you please
I wont just up run and witness the most unusual man I ever met so you know
but when you are ready a vast world exists
a universe still largely a misery to science
{drums guitar solo}
kind of at the edge of annoying as nothing more than a structure(edited)
always lining up to something important
but rather naturally curving the nature of reality
Sorry but what book?
Graceful Landing
    • Self-help

    • Self-monitoring
    • Self-serving bias
    • Superiority complex


